85 Part 7

After dinner in the evening, Lu Gu washed the dishes,
Shen Yan brought in a jujube cake and shared half of it with him.
The jujube cake was made for Ji Qiuyue, Shen Yan was
greedy after eating one, but was afraid that Wei Lanxiang would say that she
was too gluttonous, so she said that Brother Guzi wanted to eat it too, so she
brought a small one and came over.
Lu Guteng couldn’t take the cake with his hands, so
Shen Yan stuffed the cake in his mouth directly. The jujube cake was soft and
sweet, with a rich jujube fragrance. This cake is better than pears, and there
was no need to afraid even if you keep it in the cold weather. Eating winter
pears was too gritty, so it could only be eaten after boiled it with brown
sugar water or plain water.
"I'll boil the water." Shen Yan was eating
the cake, and when Lu Gu finished scooping up the water and wiped the pot
clean, he went outside to take the firewood to boil more water to wash and soak
feet at night.
Lu Gu went outside the door to wash the pot to boil the
water. Before he could go back to the kitchen, he saw a tall figure in the
distance. Shen Xuanqing came back, Dahui and the puppy who were playing in the
village followed him.
When Shen Xuanqing got closer, he held the pot and
smiled slightly, he said, "Have you eaten? I'll warm up the meal for
you."
Shen Xuanqing also smiled, and the two of them walked together
after he said "um".
As soon as he entered the door and saw Wei Lanxiang,
Shen Xuanqing said, "Mother, the official seal is stamped"
"It’s
good." Wei Lanxiang felt more at ease. Although it was Shen Xuanqing's
land, they did’t separate the family and lived together. In the future, when
Shen Xuanqing went up the mountain, Shen Yaoqing would do the work in the
fields, and she would also help. The more land they owned and the more rice they
would harvest, their lives would be better.
Since
he bought the lands by himself, Shen Xuanqing himself who kept the deed, and he
went into his room to put it away, and after a while Lu Gu also came in.
"I put the bamboo steamer on the pot, Yanyan still
boiling the water and when it boils, it will be hot." After not seeing
each other for a day, Lu Gu was still trying to find something to say, even he
himself didn't know why.
Now he also called Yanyan, imitated Ji Qiuyue. Because
Shen Yan was young, usually at home they would call her with her first name and
surname or with her nickname, all mixed up, and Wei Lanxiang would either call
her by her first name directly, or call her little girl.
"The deed, you keep it." Shen Xuanqing handed
the deed to Lu Gu.
Now that Lu Gu had read a lot of characters, he opened
the land deed and saw that there was a red official seal on it, and the thin
piece of paper was exactly the deed of their family's five acres of lands.
"And this." Shen Xuanqing took out a red
envelope from his bosom, which contained something.
Hearing that Lu Gu raised his eyes, he saw a silver
bracelet in the opened red envelope. He was a little panicked, and he
couldn't tell who Shen Xuanqing bought it for.
How could
ordinary people buy two silver jewelry in a
short period of time, besides, the silver hairpin was still new and had never
been worn, so Lu Gu didn't think that the bracelet was for himself.
"You wear it, the hairpin is easy to fall off, but
this one won't fall off." Seeing him in a daze, Shen Xuanqing took his
left hand, put the silver bracelet on his hand, and said, "Wear the
hairpin during the New Year, if you don’t know how to comb your hair, you can
find sister-in-law or mother, they both know how to do it."
The family's new clothes for the New Year were about to
be made, and Shen Xuanqing knew about it, he was also happy to let her fulang
wear new clothes and hairpins.
Lu Gu's hands were clenched together, and Shen Xuanqing
put the silver bracelet on him with a little effort. It was not too big or too
small, and it was just right. The shiny silver bracelet had exquisite patterns.
The first time he wore bracelet, he felt that his wrist was a little heavy, giving
him a sense of presence.
"The thin one is for Shen Yan, and the thick one is
for my mother. Both of them will have something to wear during the New
Year."
Shen
Xuanqing took out two more silver bracelets, he
said, "In the future, if there is
something good I will buy it for you, or if you like any jewelry, just tell
me."
Lu
Gu’s thought was always simple, Shen Xuanqing bought him a hairpin and silver bracelet
because he valued him, now he couldn't say anything else, so he said
"um".
For
a moment, he couldn't help but tugged at the corner of Shen Xuan's clothes, he
looked up and met those star eyes, then moved away embarrassingly.
Shen
Xuanqing looked at him with a smile. Although the two were silent, they were
both very happy.
After
a while, Shen Yan shouted from the kitchen: "Second brother, the meal is
hot."
"Okay,
I'm here." Shen Xuanqing replied.
Lu
Gu loosened the corner of his clothes, he blushed and said, "I'll get
it."
After
speaking, he hurried to the kitchen.
"Mother,
I bought this for you, a new bracelet for the New Year. "When Shen
Xuanqing came out and saw Wei Lanxiang, he took out the silver bracelet.
Wei
Lanxiang was rubbing rawhide in a dustpan. It would be the twelfth lunar month
in a few days. No matter whether it was five beans or eight beans, you had to
cook beans and peanuts. She looked up and saw that Shen Xuanqing bought her a
silver bracelet. She wiped her hands on her clothes, only then she dared to
take it, and asked him with a smile on her face: "Is this expensive?"
"You don't have to worry about it, just wear
it." Seeing that she was happy, Shen Xuanqing showed her the silver
bracelet for Shen Yan. It was a little thinner, but it was just right for her
young age.
Wei Lanxiang used to have a lot of silver jewellery,
but they were all sold later.
It just so happened that Shen Yan came into the main
room, and when she heard that it was a bracelet for her, her almond-eyed eyes
widened, and Shen Xuanqing couldn't help laughing when he saw her like this.
"Second brother, is this really for me?" She
took the bracelet and asked.
"Of
course."
Shen
Xuanqing smiled and asked her: "Who is better, big brother or second
brother?"
"Second
brother."
Shen
Yan replied without thinking, but it was heard by Shen Yaoqing who came out of
the room
and immediately grabbed her pigtails and scolded her
with a smile: “ Good Shen Yan, yesterday you also said that big brother is good,
and I gave you the fish."
Shen Yan protected her pigtails. Yesterday she ate the
fresh fish caught by Brother Daqing, and Brother Erqing bought her a bracelet
today, so she was very entangled in her heart. After some hesitation, she said
carefully: "Then Big Brother and Second Brother all good? "
It was Wei Lanxiang who felt sorry for her daughter's
braids, and raised her hand to slap Shen Yaoqing's hand that wanted to pull
Shen Yan's braids, and scolded him with a smile: "Don't pull her hair
anymore."
Only
then did Shen Yaoqing stop with a smile. He knew that he didn’t make money as
much as his second brother, but he was not jealous either. Everyone had their
own destiny.
Besides, he himself had the strength to work in the
fields, and earned no less than other people in the village. Now even if he didn't
have much money and he could 't buy bracelets for his sister and mother, but
you could also make them happy by buying headband.
Shen Yan wore the bracelet beautifully, and she didn't
think the two elder brothers were annoying.