68 Part 17

At
this moment, Shen Xuanqing, who cleaned the backyard and washed his hands, came
to the room. Lu Gu heard his footsteps stepping into the main room, and felt
indescribably nervous.
When Shen Xuanqing stood at the door of the room, she
saw Lu Gu holding the book of heaven and earth in his hand, his pupils suddenly
dilated, obviously frightened.
"Is this the Three Character Classic?" Lu Gu
asked cautiously while holding the book in his hands, while he was nervous,
there was still hope in his eyes.
Shen Xuanqing could hear his voice, but his feet seemed
to be nailed to the ground and he couldn't move, his eyeballs were a little
sluggish. After a while, he realized that Lu Gu thought it was the Three
Character Classic and wanted to learn it.
"No, no." Shen Xuanqing's voice was weak, and
he quickly denied it. Now that he recovered his strength, he walked into the
room, afraid that Lu Gu would open the book if he was a step too
late.
At
such a critical moment, he could tell from the ignorant curiosity on Lu Gu's
face that he hadn’t opened it yet, otherwise, if he really saw what was inside,
he would be terrified.
It
was rainy and windy in late autumn, before Shen Xuanqing snatched the book
away, a gust of wind blew in from outside the window, blowing away the book in
Lu Gu's hand, and the pictures and words on the pages were immediately revealed
to the two of them.
Shen
Xuanqing's outstretched hand froze in mid-air. At this moment, it seemed as if
the world fell silent and the wind stopped, but the pages of the book that were
blown away remained on an extremely unsightly picture. Everywhere was detailed,
it seemed that it was for the viewer to see everything
clearly.
The
separated legs were extremely unrestrained, and the shuang’er in the painting
raised his head and neck slightly, and even eyes were very clearly
outlined.
Compared
with the monotonous black ink, this picture had been colored, with bright red
marks between the eyebrows, slightly parted lips, reddish eyes, and even a tear
drawn at the end of the eyes, which showed he was crying. What was more, there
were more subtleties.
Because the wind blew the book open, Lu Gu's gaze
lowered involuntarily. When he saw clearly what was in the book, he was stiff,
and he didn't even had a reaction.
The latter page opened slowly because it was not
pinched by hand, and it could be connected with the previous page. The posture
and behavior of the two people in the picture had changed, and they had become
more filthy.
Shen Xuanqing hadn't looked at the back ones, the two
pictures were really big, even if he stood opposite and looked at them
backwards, he could tell what they were doing after a little recognition.
The second picture appeared in front of him, and Lu
Gu's hand softened in fright, and the book fell down.
Without even thinking about it, Shen Xuanqing took a
half step forward, stretched out his hand to catch the book, and closed the
book with a clasp of his thumb.
He withdrew his hand, with lingering fear in his heart,
his right hand was tightly holding the book, he wanted to hide it behind his
back, but because of his face, he was very entangled, if he really hid it, he
would feel guilty.
Shen Xuanqing's face turned red for a while, and turned
pale for a while, and he didn't know where to put such a
thing.
He froze in place, didn't even know what he was
thinking, he couldn't utter a single word.
Lu Gu was so frightened that his eyelashes trembled
slightly, his pupils seemed to be trembling, and water splashed out of shock
unknowingly.
The actions drawn on the picture were actions that he
had never seen before. Where had he seen such a dirty and shameful thing, and
he didn't even understand why at first glance. It was clearly the Three
Character Classic, why was there such a picture.
When Lu Gu looked over with teary eyes, Shen Xuanqing
pursed his lips and his jaw line was tense, his face was a little pale, and he
looked very scary.
Lu Gu was almost scared to cry by him, and took half a
step back, not daring to look at him again.
He lost all his face, and Fulang was scared to cry by
him, and his tears fell to the ground. Shen Xuanqing suddenly became angry,
strode forward with red ears, and pushed Lu Gu onto the bed behind him.
The only reason for crying was because there was too
much water in his eyes, Lu Gu didn't want to cry, but after Shen Xuanqing
suddenly pushed him to bed, he was really scared and wanted to cry, because he
didn't know what Shen Xuanqing was going to do.
The big rough hands reached into the clothes, from the
waist up, and the force was a little stronger, but it didn't hurt him.
His lips were bitten and kissed carelessly, Lu Gu was
not an opponent at all, he could only open his mouth with his jaw pinched, his
tears flowed more and more, wetting his face and even the sheets on both sides
of his head.
Seeing this, Shen Xuanqing let go of him annoyedly, got
up and sat beside him, looking down a bit decadent.
Lu Gu wiped his tears with the back of his hand before
sitting up. He didn't make a sound, and even if he was wronged, he would be
bored and didn’t dare to speak.
Shen Xuanqing raised his eyes to look at him, depressed
and annoyed in his heart, depressed and annoyed why he brought the book to the
mountain in the first place, annoyed just now when he pushed Lu Gu and pinched
Lu Gu's jaw, he clearly knew that his fulang was very timid.
"I, I didn't mean to push you." He pursed his
lips slightly, lowered his eyes and said in a low voice, "I didn't know
what I was doing just now."
Lu Gu looked over subconsciously.
"That book..." Shen Xuanqing paused for a
while, and then said ruthlessly: "It's erotic book. I didn't know how to
do it before. It always hurt you, so I found that book to read."
No
matter how sophisticated an eighteen-years-old young man, but in some places and
time he still needed a good face, admitting in front of his fulang that he
couldn't do it, it could be said that there was nothing more embarrassing than
this, the more Shen Xuanqing said, the lower his voice, he couldn't even lift his
head .
The
room was very quiet, Lu Gu raised his hand, wiped the tears on his face with
his sleeve, his eyes were still red, he stretched out his hand carefully to
grab the corner of Shen Xuanqing’s lower hem.