108 31

There were wild green onions grew in the fields outside Fenggu Town, so they didn't sell as well as spring bamboo shoots, only two copper coins per catty.
Lu Gu worked diligently and honestly. A bundle of wild green onions weighed seven or eight catties, and the largest bundle weighed about ten catties. After the rabbits and spring bamboo shoots were sold, the wild green onions were only sold for fourteen copper coins.
It was almost an hour past noon, but after walking for so long, they couldn't help feeling hot and tired, so they found a shady place to stop and rest.
Shen Xuanqing took out a handkerchief and wiped the sweat from his forehead. His fulang had prepared many embroidered handkerchiefs for him, therefore he had become more particular and no longer wiped the sweat with his sleeves casually.
After wiping his sweat, he glanced at the wild green onions in the basket and said, "There are still about ten catties left. Why don't we sell them at a low price so we don't have to carry them back again?"
It was lighter to carry empty bamboo basket. The road home from the town was not far but not close either, so Lu Gu nodded. Shen Xuanqing was taking a breath and resting, when a pedestrian passed by them, he shouted: "Wild green onions, one copper coins per catty, it's cheap."
Seeing that he was selling seriously, Shen Xuanqing smiled beside him.
Because they didn't want to carry more home, Lu Gu and Shen Xuanqing sold and gave away the last few catties wild green onions. They only got about twenty copper coins from all the wild green onions. If Wei Lanxiang saw this, she would scold them for being prodigal.
The bamboo baskets were empty, even their steps became lighter.
When passing by the cosmetics shop, Shen Xuanqing slowed down his pace. He turned to look at Lu Gu. Shuang'er's fair cheeks were flushed with heat. Today, when Lu Gu was breaking bamboo husks in the bamboo forest, he accidentally scratched his left cheek with a bamboo branch. There was no bleeding but there was a slightly red scar.
Compared to several wealthy fulangs he had met in the town, Lu Gu was exposed to the sun all day long, so naturally his skin was not as fair as others. As Shen Xuanqing looked at him, he felt that the skin on Lu Gu's face and hands seemed a little rougher than when he first got married.
As a Shuang'er who was unmarried, naturally he had to help with housework, but he seldom went far out of the village. But after they got married, Lu Gu followed him up and down the mountains and often went to the town, so he naturally experienced more hardships along the way than before he got married.
"What's wrong?" Lu Gu asked in confusion when he saw that he didn't leave.
There was a cosmetics shop next to them, and there was a different kind of fragrance entered their noses.
Shen Xuanqing smiled and said, "Now badger oil is no longer useful. I'll buy you a box of face cream."
Lu Gu had only used cosmetics after he got married. He didn't know how to apply it himself, so a village woman did it for him. Country people mostly used the cheapest ones, even so they were reluctant to apply more, but it wouldn't work if you apply it only a little.
Fortunately, this was the case, otherwise, not to mention Lu Gu, everyone who was close to him would be hit by the strong but unpleasant fragrance.
Most of the people who bought cosmetics were from the town. Lu Gu had never been to such a shop before, so he looked a little nervous. But when Shen Xuanqing turned around and headed for the shop, he had no choice but to follow.
Shen Xuanqing put down the shoulder pole, placed the bamboo basket outside the door, grabbed Lu Gu's wrist and went in.
As soon as they entered the shop, he saw the shopkeeper standing behind the counter, dozing off with his head propped up. Shen Xuanqing didn't see the clerk, so he said, "Shopkeeper, bring two boxes of face cream you have here."
The shopkeeper was startled and took a look at the two villagers in front of him. They were neatly dressed, with no patches on their clothes, especially the silver bracelet on the fulang's hand. He knew what was going on, so he kept saying, "Wait a moment, wait a moment."
The shopkeeper found four boxes of face cream on the wooden shelf at the back, turned around and put them on the counter. He put on a smile and said, "Sir, please have a look. We have a lot of stuff here. These boxes are all good. Applying them on the face can moisturize the skin and make it more fair. The fragrance lasts for a long time, and it's fragrant but not unctuous. It's top-quality goods."
"This box has jade orchid fragrance, this box has peach blossom fragrance, this one has peony fragrance, and this one is red plum fragrance." The shopkeeper opened the boxes one by one so that people could see the face cream inside.
As soon as the box was opened, a light floral scent emerged, which was better than any powder Lu Gu had used before. He looked at the face cream in the boxes with a little surprise.
The shopkeeper was most proud of the things in his shop. Seeing the customers were amazed, his smile became even bigger. Seeing that the two of them were hesitating about which one to buy, he took out a few small porcelain bottles from under the counter and said, "If you don't know which one to choose, stretch out your hand and I'll apply some for you."
As he spoke, he used a small wooden stick to pick up some face cream from the bottle and applied it on the back of Lu Gu's outstretched hand.
"This one with peach blossoms fragrance." There were no other customers at the moment, so the shopkeeper was very patient.
"Let me smell it." Shen Xuanqing was a little curious, so he took Lu Gu's hand and sniffed it. The scent of peach blossoms was a little sweet and quite pleasant.
Lu Gu's ears turned slightly red when Shen Xuanqing did this in front of outsiders, but Shen Xuanqing and the shopkeeper looked like there was nothing wrong, so he had no choice but to let Shen Xuanqing smell it.