78 Part 20

But Xiao Zhang would get beaten even if she didn’t do
anything wrong. She couldn't understand Lao Zhang Shi the witch. She once
talked to the Zhang family, but she was scolded by Lao Zhang Shi for being
nosy. Zhang Zhengzi even said how he beat his wife, it had nothing to do with
her as an outsider.
Since then, Aunt Miao hadn’t been in
contact with the Zhang family. It was difficult for an upright official to
break up housework. She said that and caused Xiao Zhang to be scolded for a few
days. She felt guilty but couldn't help anymore. In the end, she just pretended
to see nothing.
Lu Gu was most afraid of the scene of beating someone,
and he wanted to go back with anxiety in his heart.
Unexpectedly, under the scolding of his mother,
Zhang Zhengzi beat his wife harder, and he beat Xiao Zhang with head with his hands,
Xiao Zhang tried to free herself and ran out of the house staggeringly. There
was no place to hide, so she ran towards the mountain indiscriminately.
Zhang Zhengzi chased after her with a stick in his
hand, he yelled, "Stupid woman! Try running again!"
Xiao Zhang ran past Lu Gu, seeing that Zhang Zhengzi
was about to come, he saw the wooden stick and there was also a man with a
hideous face, his face was pale, and the puppy stood by his legs and barked at
the Zhang family.
At this time, Wei Lanxiang and Shen Yaoqing heard the
commotion outside, Lu Gu felt a little relieved when he saw his family, and hid
behind Wei Lanxiang, and whispered: "Guaizi, come
back."
His voice was small, drowning in the amidst
of the barking of the puppy.
Zhang
Zhengzi ran over, he chased after a few steps and watched Xiao Zhang scrambling
up the gentle slope, running into the mountain desperately. He cursed a few
words in his mouth, spat on the ground, and cursed: "You son of a bitch,
you'll know how to come back when you freeze to
death."
He
turned around and wanted to go back. More or less people in the village came
out to watch the excitement, and he felt ashamed. The puppy was also the bold
one and barked at him.
Zhang Zhengzi was worried that he had
nothing to vent, so he swung the wooden stick in his hand and cursed, "What
a dog, even grandpa you dare to bite."
[
爷爷
yé
ye: (coll.) father's father; paternal grandfather;]
"Good boy!" Shen Yaoqing yelled,
the puppy heard his voice and barked twice before running back, and he said
again: "Zhengzi, you got up early today."
Seeing Shen Yaoqing, Zhang Zhengzi put down
the wooden stick in his hand, and said with a sneer, "It's Brother
Daqing."
Zhang Zhengzi was the same age as Shen
Xuanqing, but the relationship between them was not very good. When he was thirteen
years old, he stole chickens from the Shen's family together with two other
boys in the village. After a few days, Shen Xuanqing found out, he and Da Chen
blocked him outside the village and put him on the ground. He was beaten hard,
his nose was bruised and his face was swollen, and his mouth and nose were full
of blood. Since then, he never dared to provoke Shen Xuanqing.
But that was all about when he was a child, and there
was nothing else after that. The Shen family helped him a little bit when he
got married, and they were all from the same village, so they didn't have such
a big grudge.
Xiao Zhang was dressed so thinly, and ran to the
mountain after being beaten. Even Shen Yaoqing couldn't help it, he said,
"Aren't you going to look for her? It's snowing, in case something
happens."
Zhang Zhengzi didn't care, he said: " It's okay,
she will come back after a while when it gets cold, and it's not that she
doesn't know the way."
As the saying goes, marry a chicken
and follow the chicken, marry a dog and follow the dog, he always felt that
this was the wife he married back, so she had to follow him in anything. Even if
today she ran after so many rounds, after that she had to cook and wash for
him, and besides, where could she go if she ran.
Shen Yaoqing frowned, but he didn't say much about
other people's wife. Some people in the village had a tongue, as if they had
nowhere to use it. They liked to chew their tongues behind other people’s
backs, especially the Lao Zhang Shi, who had a vicious mouth and a cruel heart.
Zhang Zhengzi, who was so incompetent, could even sell his daughter, so they didn’t
want to deal with his family any more, otherwise they didn't know what would
happen.
Zhang Zhengzi went back, but his mother was still
stamping and cursing in the yard, telling him not to let his wife enter the
house again after she ran away and closed the yard door.
Wei Lanxiang shook her head, looked towards the slope
over there, but she didn't see Xiao Zhang at all, and sighed sadly, what a good
girl did in this winter.
Lu Gu felt sorry for her, and even after he returned to
his room, he was restless.
He heard what Lao Zhang Shi said when she scolded Xiao
Zhang Shi, and what she said about stealing food reminded him of the winter five
years ago. He was so hungry that he couldn't bear it, so he stole a cold
steamed bun to eat. Du Hehua found out and she pinched him hardly, and even
grabbed his face.
He forgot whether Lu Daxiang was there that day. He
only remembered that Lu Wen was reading a book in the room. He heard Du Hehua
scolded him, he stood in front of the window and said that she was too noisy,
and then he closed the window with a slam. Du Hehua slapped him to prevent him
from crying or making a sound, and even pulled him into the main room and pricked
his finger with a needle. She kept talking about stealing and let him to have a
longer memory.
Even thinking about it now, he still remembered that
kind of heart-wrenching pain.
Tang pozi in his arms was warm, and his fingers no longer
hurt. Lu Gu himself didn't know why, but he couldn't help but kept thinking
about Xiao Zhang Shi. She must be very hungry before stealing food, and he
didn't know if she ate enough or not.
He was so panicked that he couldn't even continue
sewing, so he stood up suddenly after a while.
The wind was blowing outside again, Wei Lanxiang and
Shen Yan were sitting on the bed, Ji Qiuyue and Shen Yaoqing were also studying
in their own room, only the puppy saw Lu Gu coming out of the kitchen, he was
obviously carrying something in his arms, carefully, he hurried out the door
and headed towards the mountain.