107 18

Shen Xuanqing had practiced hunting skills. When setting traps and waiting for prey to be trapped, he had to hide in the woods or lie on the ground motionless. Needless to say, he must concentrate and hold his breath. Sometimes the prey he wanted to catch had a very sharp nose, and he had to take a bath to reduce the smell on his body, or apply tree sap on his clothes and body to confuse the noses of wild animals.
He had been practicing for more than three years, and had become more and more proficient in various skills. If he really didn't want people to hear any movement, he could remain silent, not moving, and only breathe lightly. Huang Da couldn't even match the physical strength and eyesight of an ordinary farmer, let alone find him here.
Huang Da himself didn't even turn his head when he woke up. He just cursed and vented his anger, others could see it in the blink of an eye.
There was air leakage everywhere in the broken thatched hut, and the old tables, chairs and benches were either cracked at the bottom or rickety. Shen Xuanqing sat on the only good long bench. He was tall and couldn't be ignored when he sat there. The sun behind him leaked out of the holes in the straw wall, and his expression was somewhat unclear against the light.
Seeing that Huang Da finally looked over, he turned the short knife in his hand, crossed his legs, looked sideways, and asked coldly: "Who is calling whom?"
The sharp blade of the knife turned and casted a cold light. Huang Da was almost frightened to death, his legs were trembling, and he immediately knew that he was really scared: "Grandpa, grandpa, please spare my life, spare my life..."
Shen Xuanqing put down his crossed legs and reached out to grab something from the table next to him. The table with four legs of different heights shook a few times.
Huang Da saw clearly that he had a short knife and iron pliers in his hands. He gasped in shock. He sat up with his hands on the broken bed board, stood up and tried to run away. Unfortunately, Shen Xuanqing came over and, kicked him down, stepped on his chest and leaned forward.
"Spare my life, spare my life..." Huang Da was stepped on the chest, and the bright short knife was slapped on his face several times. The sharp blade seemed to be cold, and it looked so sharp and dazzling in the corner of his eye. Even if he wanted to use all his strength to lift Shen Xuanqing's legs, he wouldn't dare.
The cold tip of the knife was suddenly inserted into his mouth when he was begging for mercy. His tongue had no time to avoid being scratched, and his mouth was filled with the taste of blood.
Huang Da was like a chicken being strangled by the neck, a short gurgling sound came from his throat, and he opened his mouth wide and didn't dare to close it.
Shen Xuanqing originally leaned forward slightly, but when Huang Da opened his mouth, he leaned back. The smell was so strong, it was so disgusting that it could make people vomit.
Taking advantage of Huang Da's opening of his mouth, he withdrew the short knife in his right hand and quickly clamped Huang Da's tongue with the iron pliers in his left hand.
The taste of iron mixed with the taste of blood spread in his mouth. Huang Da whined twice. After his tongue was clamped tightly, his expression became more and more frightened. His small eyes widened to the extreme, and Shen Xuanqing's eyes were filled with cold light.
"The wind is strong, and the tongue is easy to slip, so it's better to cut it." His tone was no different from talking about daily life. As he spoke, the short knife came up again, and the blade cut Huang Da's tongue.
"Woo." Huang Da was so frightened that he burst into tears. He shook his head and tried to free his tongue from the iron pliers in his mouth. Howe, after realizing that the blade was scratching his tongue, he didn't even dare to move. No matter how cruel and unreasonable the local ruffian was, he wouldn't slowly cut someone else's tongue with a knife. Huang Da's eyes were so wide that they were about to burst.
There were many similarities between hunters and butchers. They were used to cutting meat and peeling skins. Shen Xuanqing cut off his tongue without mercy. As if, in his eyes, Huang Da was just a prey to be slaughtered, quite worthless.
The blade cut into the soft flesh of the tongue, and blood mixed with disgusting saliva dripped down.
Suddenly, Shen Xuanqing smelled a strong smell of urine. He frowned and let go of his hand in disgust, taking a few steps away.
His tongue was no longer pulled by the iron pliers. Huang Da's head was knocked on the wooden board. Tears and snot ran down his face, and his mouth was still bleeding. His tongue was cut and his speech became slurred, but he still desperately begged for mercy. If his leg hadn't been broken and he couldn't turn over, he would have kowtowed eight hundred times to beg for mercy.
"I don't dare anymore, I don't dare anymore..."
Shen Xuanqing understood what he meant, he just said: "There will be no next time."
Huang Da nodded like a fool, his courage was shattered by this experience. Not to mention Shen Xuanqing, he wouldn't dare to run into Lu Gu in the future.
After Shen Xuanqing came out of the hut and could no longer see his figure, Huang Da fell limply on the wooden bed as if he had lost all strength. His trembling legs were barely stable. He wanted to wail and cry bitterly what kind of sin he had committed, but he couldn't even speak clearly.