110 19

Since Shen Xuanqing was going to the northern forest, which wasn't far away, and Lu Gu had nothing else to do in the yard, he just went along.
Before leaving, Shen Xuanqing tied up Dabai with a rope, fearing that moving around would be detrimental to his recovery, and placed a bowl of water and steamed buns where he could reach.
There were few people coming into the deep mountains and forests, only hunters or herbalists. There were many wild animals in the northern forest, and also many traps, people didn't come to the northern forest often, so rabbits and pheasants were easy to find. Dahui quickly caught one and brought it back to Shen Xuanqing, placing it at his feet.
The puppy hadn't caught anything yet, but he was very excited. After Shen Xuanqing shouted at him, he stopped barking, otherwise he would alert the prey in the woods.
After discovering the trace of a gray rabbit, the puppy leaned forward and arched his back in a hunting posture. Shen Xuanqing gave a light signal, and he dashed like an arrow, startling the grass and rolling up the fallen leaves. He really ran faster than a rabbit.
When the puppy was little, he was well fed, so he was fat and round. He was always in front of Lu Gu's eyes, so Lu Gu didn't notice many changes and differences. Now when he saw the puppy running back with the rabbit in his mouth, looking very agile and powerful, he suddenly felt that the puppy had grown up.
After catching four rabbits and a pheasant, they returned with their three dogs.
The puppy showed off his power again today. He was very proud and happy. He ran around with his tail wagging.
Before the sun went down, Shen Xuanqing killed a rabbit and shared it with the dogs, giving the most to Dabai. While washing his hands, he looked up at Lu Gu who was packing up the sewing basket and said, "It's still early, can you boil some water for me to wash. There's a lot of dirt in the forest and I carried Dabai all the way, so I'm a little dirty. Now that there's sunshine, I can wash my hair and dry it in the sun."
"Okay, I'll boil some water for you." Lu Gu agreed, put away the sewing basket, and carried the firewood into the kitchen.
While he was boiling water, Shen Xuanqing moved the bathtub into the kitchen. Before going down the mountain last year, he turned the bathtub upside down on the ground to prevent too much dust from accumulating. This time, he could just wipe it a little and it was clean.
Today was not a peaceful day, and they only felt a little peace after they lay down at night.
"How long will it take for Dabai's injury to heal?" Lu Gu asked in the darkness, unable to sleep.
"It's hard to say. It should be two or three months. We'll take Dabai down the mountain in a few days and raise him at home." Shen Xuanqing said as he thought about hunting in the future. Dabai was injured and couldn't move, and Guaizi was left for Lu Gu. There were only two hunting dogs left.
There were many ferocious beasts in the mountains, such as jackals, tigers, leopards, wild boars and bears. It was not easy to deal with them. When he was still learning, Lao Yang took him through dangerous situations. They had seen tigers and wolves, and narrowly escaped death.
After he started his apprenticeship, he had spotted traces of tigers and avoided them from afar. Hunter was more capable than ordinary people, but he was alone and couldn't fight alone. If he really wanted to catch tigers or leopards, he must work together with other hunters.
He wasn't the only hunter living in the mountains, but they were far away and each had his own territory. The people lived better than before, and there were not so many people who wanted to risk their lives to catch ferocious beasts. They usually catched rabbits, pheasants, and larger animals such as sheep and deer.
Two years ago, there were people in Yuqing City who wanted bear paws. The price was very high, which was worth many people taking the risk. He had just finished his apprenticeship at that time and was tempted because his family was short of money. However, Wei Lanxiang found out about it and was afraid that he would get into trouble, so she tried to stop him for two days. Later, he heard that several hunters in Liangzhang Bridge teamed up to catch a bear, but they were unlucky. Not only did they not catch the bear, but two people also got injured. He was not very skilled at that time, and his family would not let him go, so he had to give up.
Now only two dogs could follow him out. To be on the safe side, he thought it was better not to go deeper in the next few months to avoid encountering meat eating animals.
Thinking about his worries, Shen Xuanqing turned over and hugged Lu Gu in his arms, he said, "It's good for Dabai to stay at home. I'll ask my elder brother to build a rabbit nest. We'll raise more rabbits in the future. Dabai can't run, but he can guard the house at night to prevent thieves."
Lu Gu agreed when he heard it. There were many chickens and ducks at home. When it was late at night and everyone was asleep, they needed a dog to guard the yard.
"Did you apply peach blossom cream on your face?" Shen Xuanqing smelled the sweet scent of peach blossom on his face, and couldn't help but kiss him.