107 27

Now that Lin Zhongcai had said it, Wei Lanxiang could feel relieved.
"Uncle Wei." Shen Xuanqing returned the wooden stick to Wei Mingjiang.
"Ah?" Wei Mingjiang who just saw how ruthless he was before, was stunned. Until he got the stick in his hand, he said "Oh" . He lowered his head and saw that luckily there was no blood on the stick.
"Mother, I'm back." Shen Xuanqing didn't look at Huang Da on the ground. Seeing Lu Gu's face covered with water, he sighed. There were so many people outside that it was difficult to hold hands, so he gently grabbed Lu Gu's wrist and went home.
The puppy ran back with them. Wei Lanxiang behind him glanced at Huang Da, but finally ignored him under Shen Xuanqing's urging.
In the end, Lin Zhongcai waved his hand and asked Huang Da's uncle, who had no contact with him, to carry him back to his shabby thatched house. Otherwise, no one would carry him. He couldn't let Huang Da just lie on the road like this. Wouldn't it be bad luck if he died here? How others would walk on this road in the future.
He Zhi came over to pick up the bamboo basket. When Huang Da was beaten, he also took action, avenging Chen Dongdong for grabbing the fish, and there was a smile on his tanned face.
Ji Qiuyue saw Shen Xuanqing and Lu Gu at the door of their home. Seeing that Lu Gu's face was stained with tears and Shen Xuanqing's hands and sleeves were still bloody, she quickly scooped a basin of water for them to wash.
Shen Xuanqing pushed Lu Gu and asked him to wash his face first. When he looked at his hand, he explained: "I'm not injured, it's Huang Da's blood."
"Really?" Lu Gu asked with a nasal voice that sounded like he had cried.
"Really, wash your face quickly so I can wash my hands afterward." Only then did he laugh.
Ji Qiuyue was careful and went to get a cloth to wipe face while Lu Gu was washing his face.
Shen Xuanqing squatted next to him and watched him wash his face. After thinking of something, he said: "I saw people washing their faces and hands standing up in the town before. It's more convenient than squatting. I will find a carpenter to make a wooden basin stand later."
Lu Gu poured a handful of water and was washing his face. Hearing this, he could only hum.
"Here." Ji Qiuyue handed him the cloth.
Shen Xuanqing used wild soapberries and washed his hands in the water, and the blood stains spread out in the water.
After the white foam from the wild soapberries was washed away, Lu Gu felt relieved when he saw that there was indeed no wound on his hand.
Wei Lanxiang came back and watched from the side, she couldn't help but said: "You, please don't act recklessly in the future. It was Da Chen's house he robbed, but he didn't beat Huang Da as hard as you. Its not our house he robbed, and Da Chen even persuaded you not to go to war, what's this?"
[大动干戈
dà dòng gān gē: lit. to go to war (idiom); fig. to make a big fuss over sth]
"You're already married, and you're not young anymore. You're not a boy who ran wildly to do naughty things in the past. How can you not grow up with brain? What if something happens to you if you randomly beat people, how do you want us to survive?"
She rambled on about Shen Xuanqing, and when she got excited, she wanted to reach out and poke her second son in the forehead, but Shen Xuanqing was too tall, unlike Shen Yan, she could poke her forehead with her finger. In the end she could only retract her outstretched finger.
Shen Xuanqing remained silent every time he was scolded, and Lu Gu didn't dare to speak now.
"Mother, that Huang Da is a rotten person, he will be beaten when he needs to be beaten. Besides, the second brother has always known his propriety and will never mess around. Mother, don't worry too much." Ji Qiuyue came up to smooth things over. She was pregnant now, so what she said was really useful. Wei Lanxiang glared at Shen Xuanqing and stopped talking.
"Mother, I have my own reasons for taking action, and I'm not doing anything randomly." In order to reassure Wei Lanxiang, Shen Xuanqing followed Ji Qiuyue's words to justify himself.
He wanted to say that Huang Dana's words had offended Lu Gu, but after thinking about it, he decided to forget it because there was no need to drag Lu Gu into this trouble again.
Wei Lanxiang was persuaded by Ji Qiuyue for a while, however she felt there was something wrong. Shen Xuanqing had indeed become more mature and stable in the past two years. In the few fights, it was others who provoked him first. He was cruel to Huang Da today, perhaps there was something going on.
As soon as she thought about it, she asked: "Er Qing, tell mother..."
"Mother, it's nothing serious. I saw Huang Da wandering around behind our house yesterday. If there was no dog at home, he might have robbed our house at night. Today was just to give him a long memory. Originally, I didn't want to do anything serious. But he was unconvinced after being beaten, and he was talking nonsense to slander Guzi's reputation. You were not around at the time and didn't hear him. "
Shen Xuanqing lied, he was afraid that Wei Lanxiang would be too soft-hearted, so he spouted nonsense.
Ruining a person's reputation was not a trivial matter. If a man didn't speak up, gossip would kill his wife or fulang. Even the family wouldn't be able to hold their heads up in the future. Wei Lanxiang was stunned for a moment, and then became angry. Her chest heaved violently with anger, she frowned and cursed angrily: "This shameless bastard! He deserves to be beaten!"
"Why didn't you tell me earlier? If I had known earlier, I would have broken his other leg. "She was so angry that she covered her heart. Seeing this, Ji Qiuyue quickly touched her heart to help her calm down.
"Mom, don't be too angry. I've already beaten him. If he dares to talk nonsense again, I will deal with him." Shen Xuanqing also advised.
Lu Gu ran into the main room and poured a bowl of warm water. He handed it to Wei Lanxiang, "Mom, drink water."
Wei Lanxiang took a breath, took the bowl and took two sips to calm down. Before she was still thinking, if Huang Da died because no one cared about eating and drinking, his life would be counted on Shen Xuanqing's head. Ji Qiuyue was pregnant and needed to accumulate some virtue for her unborn child, so she thought it would be better to bring some things to see his condition.
But now, let alone seeing him, even if Huang Da was dead, it was a good thing if she didn't spit on the corpse.
He is a bad person who has lost his conscience! Death is called retribution!