63 Part 13

They were not idle when Shen Yaoqing was waiting. Shen
Yan pulled some green grass and branches for the rabbit, and after a while they
all turned yellow, and said: "Mother said that in just two days, the
female rabbit should give birth to cubs. It’s cold and we need to build a
nest to make it warmer.”
Hearing this, Lu Gu also squatted down to pull grass
and pick the tender branches, and said: “Then feed it better, because there will
be no green grass to eat in the future."
Ji Qiuyue couldn't help laughing when she heard their
conversation, Shen Yan didn't say anything, she was still a child, Lu Gu looked
a few years older, but his heart was pure, these few words really made people
felt that he was still childish .
After a while, Shen Yaoqing came back with two bundles
of firewood. He didn't bring a pole, but he cut a strong branch and carried it
on his shoulders.
He thought that Dahui was looking for him for
something, but he didn't expect it to be skinning vole, but since his wife had
spoken, he put down the firewood with a smile and did as he was told.
In the afternoon ,Zhou Xiangjun brought Shen Yu over to
visit, and sat with Wei Lanxiang under the eaves to make
the soles of shoes.
"Aunt, you eat these dried persimmons, Yu ge’er will
eat them too." Ji Qiuyue brought some dried persimmons over.
"Okay." Zhou Xiangjun nodded with a smile,
stopped what she was doing and ate.
Shen Yu was a shuang’er with red marks between his
eyebrows. He was younger. He was only fourteen this year. He sat next to his
mother, embroidering handkerchiefs. He had a round face and big eyes. He always
smiled very pleasantly when he saw people. The outline was somewhat similar to
Shen Yan's, and the rest of the Shen family said that their round faces
resemble Grandma's.
"Brother Guzi, here's one for you." Shen Yu
ate the dried persimmons by himself and didn't forget Lu Gu next to him, so he
took one for him.
Lu Gu raised his eyebrows slightly and took it over. He
happened to be embroidering a handkerchief when the third aunt and Yu ge’er came,
and Yu ge’er sat with him.
"If Guzi still wants to eat dried dates, come to
my house and get them. We have a lot this year." Zhou Xiangjun said when
he remembered Lu Gu's Qi and blood deficiency before.
Hearing this, Wei Lanxiang said: "We didn't finish
the half bag last time, and I still have some at home."
She remembered the unsold wild soapberries again, and
said to Ji Qiuyue: "Qiuyue, you give the third aunt some wild soapberries."
People who gave them jujubes should be given something,
otherwise they would be eaten for nothing. Wild soapberries were easy to pick
for Lu Gu, and it didn't take much effort, so naturally there would be no
objections.
They
worked while eating persimmons, Wei Lanxiang and Zhou Xiangjun were gossiping,
while Lu Gu was listening to the people and things in the village.
He didn't talk much by nature, let alone chewing his
tongue behind someone else’s back. He silently remembered that he would live in
Qingxi Village in the future. No matter who he met, he would know what kind of
person he was, and he could choose to talk to people who were easy to talk to,
if not, he may not be able to talk to others.
Shen Yan came over after chopping chicken grass, and
saw Lu Gu and the others embroidering handkerchiefs, so she also brought out
the embroidery frame to join in the fun, learning to embroider a few delicate
flowers.
Several people were chatting and laughing in the yard,
which was very lively. Not long after, there were two dogs barking at the door.
Dahui had been fighting and playing with other dogs in the village, but now he
came back following Shen Xuanqing.
As soon as Lu Gu looked up, he saw Shen Xuanqing, his
eyes lit up slightly, he was a little excited but didn't know how to express
it, so he subconsciously stood up.
But there were still people at home, and Wei Lanxiang was
very happy to see her son came back, she put down her work and wanted to go up
to greet him, and helped Shen Xuanqing unloaded the bamboo basket.
"Aunt and Yu ge’er are here." Shen Xuanqing
called Zhou Xiangjun first, and then said to Wei Lanxiang: "No need, mother,
you just sit down, there is nothing in the basket." After that, Wei
Lanxiang sat down again .
Lu Gu clutched the corner of his clothes and was a
little nervous, but when Shen Xuanqing looked at him, this anxiety turned into
something else. He stepped forward a few steps and saw Shen Xuanqing unloading
the bamboo basket. Because there were several people there, he was a little shy
and at a loss, but he still asked in a low voice: "Have you eaten?
I'll cook for you."
Seeing that Shen Xuanqing took the wooden basin to wash
his hands, he went into the kitchen and scooped up a gourd of water.
Wei Lanxiang from behind watched the two of them
pursing their lips and laughing straight away. It was different when you had
fulang, and the eyes of the second child didn’t look at anyone else.
"Erqing went to town?" Zhou Xiangjun asked
casually.
"Yes, he went to Jixing Town to see his shifu
while selling things." Wei Lanxiang replied.
It
was not that
she didn't know Zhou Xiangjun thoroughly. In broad daylight, people in the
village passed through the gate of their house when they went up and down the
mountain. Partition walls had ears. If you were not afraid of thieves stealing,
you were afraid of thieves thinking about it. It was always good to have
cleverness.
They chatted and chatted, Lu Gu was busy with Shen
Xuanqing's food in the kitchen, Ji Qiuyue originally wanted to help him, but
when she saw Shen Xuanqing washed his face and sat down in front of the stove
to light the fire, she smiled quietly and went out without disturbing Erqing of
their family who wanted to stay with his fulang.
When Ji Qiuyue married three years ago, Shen Xuanqing
was only fifteen. The half-grown boy had grown up and married in an instant,
and she knew that he liked being with his fulang. As the eldest sister-in-law,
she felt a little relieved.