49 Part

Chapter 49
The ember in front of the
grave was moved by the wind, and Lu Gu burst into tears, crying silently.
Shen Xuanqing didn't have a handkerchief on his body,
so he pinched the corner of his sleeve and leaned forward to help him wipe the
tears off his face. The tall man was usually rough, so he looked a little at a
loss since he had never done such a delicate job of coaxing people.
The tears kept flowing and he couldn't wipe them away,
Shen Xuanqing was anxious, but in the end he had no choice but to hold Lu Gu
tightly and clumsily.
The face being pressed against the strong and broad
chest was no stranger to Lu Gu. Shen Xuanqing often hugged him when he slept at
night, but never during the day, after all, it was broad daylight.
The tears on his face were all rubbed on Shen
Xuanqing's clothes, he slowly stopped crying after he noticed it, it would be
bad if it got dirty.
After regaining his senses, Lu Gu felt embarrassed,
crying so much that he didn't know if Shen Xuanqing would dislike him or scold
him.
As soon as this idea came out, it was rejected in his
heart. If Shen Xuanqing despised him, why would he hug him, without a word of
reprimand or abuse.
Hugging this kind of thing was certainly embarrassing
for Lu Gu. It could be said that except for Shen Xuanqing, no one had hugged
him like this.
He was familiar with the smell of the tall man, the
faint breath of the wild soapberries was warm, mixed with the strong and
vigorous masculinity, the smell was indescribably reliable and reassuring.
Lu Gu was ashamed and didn't dare to move, and wanted
to step back, but Shen Xuanqing hugged him.
The helplessness in the depths of his heart found a
stable place at this moment. His fingertips trembled slightly, but he still
couldn't hold back. He boldly grabbed a bit of fabric at Shen Xuanqing's waist
and held it tightly, as if he used a lot of strength, but he still didn't dare
to squeeze too much.
Lu Gu didn't move much in his arms, but Shen Xuanqing
could feel that he was no longer crying, so he sighed very lightly, hugged him,
and the stiffness and clumsiness just now disappeared, this was his fulang, now
there were no outsiders watching, so what if you hugged him.
Shen Xuanqing slowly let go of him when he realized
that it had been delayed for a long time.
Lu Gu lowered his head and wiped the remaining traces
of water on his face with his sleeve, Shen Xuanqing carried the bamboo basket
on his back, and the two walked back.
After the mood calmed down, Lu Gu's eyes were still
red, and he walked about halfway, raised his eyes to see Shen Xuanqing's face,
who knew that he was caught right away, and slammed into those star eyes.
He was a little flustered, but before he could look
away, he saw Shen Xuanqing smiled helplessly, and said: "You don't need to
be afraid of me, whatever you want to do in the future, just open your mouth,
I'm not someone else, I won't hold you back."
The deep voice was indescribably pleasant, Lu Gu
sniffed lightly, and his eyes were a little sore after hearing this, but he
didn't cry, he just nodded his head heavily, and gave a nasal "huh".
As he walked, Lu Gu thought about everything that
happened after he arrived at Shen's house, and Shen Xuanqing's words just now,
his heart was inevitably sour, and this sourness made him wanted to grab Shen
Xuanqing's clothes again, but he himself didn't know why.
They hadn’t arrived at Qingxi Village yet, the autumn
harvest was over, and there were few people on the road, Shen Xuanqing was
beside him, Lu Gu couldn't hold back, and quietly raised his hand to hold some
fabric from Shen Xuanqing's clothes.
After holding it, he himself was too flustered. Seeing
someone approaching from a distance, he was so frightened that he quickly let
go.
After realizing what he did just now, it was so
outrageous, Lu Gu lowered his head and didn't dare to lift his head, for fear
of being ridiculed for being out of order.
When the corner of his clothes was being pinched and
held by his fulang, even if only for a moment, Shen Xuanqing was stunned for a
moment, and smiled brighter than when he was married.
Fortunately, he knew that Lu Gu's face was too thin,
and he would be overwhelmed with fright if he took a second glance, so he
didn't speak, only the smile on his face didn’t disappear.
After returning to the village, even the familiar men
of the same age in Qingxi Village were a little surprised to see him like this,
and those who didn't know thought that whether he had encountered some great thing
or he had gotten rich.
After finishing all the things that should be busy,
Lu Gu and Shen Xuanqing packed the next day and went to the mountain again. It
was mid-morning when they left, and as soon as they went out to the north
hillside, there were red persimmons hanging from the persimmon tree outside the
mud wall of the north of Shen's house.
Wei Lanxiang saw it and said, "The persimmons are
ripe, bring some for you two."
"Mother, there are some on the mountain, no
need." Shen Xuanqing didn't go to pick them, and the wild persimmons in
the mountains were beginning to ripen, and the taste was not much different , they
were all sweet persimmons, why bother to pull the ones from the bottom of the
mountain to the top of the mountain.
Lu Gu had been in the mountains with Shen Xuanqing
for so long, knowing where there were persimmons to pick, naturally he was not
greedy for them. That being the case, Wei Lanxiang didn't say anything else,
stopped outside the house, and watched the two of them went to the
mountain.
There were some things on the cart, and there were Lugu’s
chickens and ducks in the cages. Dahui and the other dogs were exploring the
way ahead, sniffing at the roots of the trunks, sometimes lifting their hind
legs to pee as a mark.