30 Part

Chapter 30
This time they didn't bring
many things to the mountain, except for a larger bathtub, the others were food
and drink, which wasn't as laborious as last time.
This bathtub was made by a carpenter before getting
married. Although it was not as exquisite as the people in the town who carved
flowers and birds, it was new anyway. It was only used by Shen Xuanqing and the
new fulang, which was enough to see that the Shen family spent a lot of money and
great effort on this marriage.
But after arriving at Shen's house, neither Lu Gu nor
Shen Xuanqing had ever used the bathtub. It was summer a while ago, just boiled
some water for scrubbing. What's more, taking a bath with a bathtub required boiling
a large pot of water. It was convenient to fetch water, but burning firewood
like this was also costly, and firewood was not obtained out of thin air, and
you had to go up the mountain to cut it. Except before the New Year's Day, how
could the country people be willing to take such a big bath.
Shen Xuanqing was scrubbing on the mountain a few days
ago. It was colder in the mountain than outside the mountain at night. He was fine.
If it went on, when even he couldn't stand it, Lu Gu would be let alone, so he
moved the bathtub, if no one used it at home, it would also accumulate dust.
In the kitchen, Lu Gu was busy cooking rice wine, which
was faster than cooking rice porridge. Put some goji berries and boiled them.
Shen Xuanqing moved things down, and when the meal was ready, he even swept the
fallen leaves in the yard.
It was past noon, and because their legs were tired
from the journey, the two of them lay down on the bed to rest after eating, and
took a nap for a while.
Lu Gu was used to be hugged while sleeping, but Shen
Xuanqing was too tall, with a hard chest, long legs and long arms, so he felt
coerced and frighted when he used a little strength.
Being able to eat enough and hugged his fulang who was
comfortable, Shen Xuanqing slept peacefully for a while, and when he woke up,
his spirit returned, and his eyes were radiant.
He originally wanted to get up and go to work, but
the little fulang in his arms made it hard for him to let go. He hadn't
shared the same bed for several days, his Adam's apple rolled, and he couldn't
help rubbing against Lu Gu's cheek. Lu Gu was lying on the bottom, his
eyes were flustered, but he tried his best not to move, because outsiders would
have no way of knowing what was going on under the quilt.
Fortunately, it was broad daylight, and Shen
Xuanqing didn't really do it. After a while, he got up and said in a low hoarse
voice that he was going to make the fence in the backyard.
Lu Gu's face was red and
his ears were red, he clenched his underwear and sat up slowly.
When that kind of thing happened at night, Shen Xuanqing
was always different from usual, which made him even more fearful, he didn’t dare
even to say a word, his heart was trembling, his throat seemed to be choked, he
clenched his lips tightly and didn’t dare to say anything. He didn't dare to
curl up his body even if there was no sound, and spread out his limbs and
remained motionless.
If you put it on someone who understood people and
understood fun, he was undoubtedly jerky and boring, but Shen Xuanqing was the
same as him. How could he understand these things? With experience, he couldn't
do those things for now, and right now, it was enough for him.
The mountain wind blew through the hall, blowing away
the heat and embarrassment, Lu Gu took a while to feel at ease.
There was still a pile of dried bamboo and wooden
sticks in the firewood room. Shen Xuanqing carried them directly to the
backyard, cut them open, and surrounded two places against the wall.
They mostly hatced the chickens and ducks in spring,
and there were very few autumn chickens, so he spent a lot of effort when he
went to the market that day to find them, but he didn't buy many, seven ducks
and eight chickens, and the chicken coop and the duck coop didn't have to be
too big.
When he was working, Lu Gu was boiling water in the
kitchen. After boiling, he brought a bowl and put it aside to let it cooler,
and then helped Shen Xuanqing inserted the bamboo poles and sticks into the
ground.
"Let the chickens out during the day, and they
will look for food outside. The ducks can also enter the water. They can eat
grass on the ground or fish, shrimp, and earthworms in the water. If you don't
want to let them out, just grab some bran. They can be eaten after being soaked
in water."
Shen Xuanqing explained to Lu Gu, he thought for a
while and then said: "It is better to fence the outside and enclose a
large area, so as not to prevent the chickens from running far in the woods and
encountering  something a little bigger and
get taken away."
Hearing this, Lu Gu nodded quickly and said, "I'll
follow you."
These were the chickens and ducks raised for him, and
they were precious in his heart, and he must not let the things in the
mountains took them away.
After the fence was completed, Lu Gu drove the chicks
and ducklings that were locked in the firewood house over, and put them into
the fence separately.
The chickens and ducklings made childish calls, which
made him a little reluctant to leave. He squatted down and touched the chickens’
head, and the chickens twittered and chirped, and surrounded him.
When he looked up at the duck pen, Shen Xuanqing
leveled the ground with a shovel inside, and when he was walking out, the
ducklings lined up and followed behind him, step by step, as if following a
mother duck.
Ducklings were like this, if you put them in the water,
they were much more attractive than chickens, Lu Gu smiled.
Shen Xuanqing blocked the ducklings inside and closed
the fence gate, and when he turned her head, he saw a smile on his face.
At this time, the autumn air was refreshing, Lu Gu's
face was a little rosy under the sun, his skin was no longer as white and
bloodless as before, it had become radiant, and the red marks between his brows
were as beautiful as flowers, but he was still thin.
It would be better to be fatter, Shen Xuanqing couldn't
help thinking this way, but he didn't say anything, even if he said it now, he
wouldn't get fat immediately.