73 Part 24

Seeing him like this, Shen Yaoqing patted him on the
shoulder and said earnestly: "
If you earn money, you
still need to love your fulang. Our family can’t afford gold and jade, even if
you can’t afford them, if you have the heart, your fulang will be happy if you
buy a silver one, right? When father was around, didn't he give mother a silver
hairpin and silver bracelet ?"
Lu Gu was very plain dressed, like most fulangs in the
village. Fulang didn’t have to work in the fields, and their hair was not
combed like farmers’. They could also wear hairpins and bracelets, but they didn’t
have as many styles as women’s.
"Not to mention anything else, when your
sister-in-law first married me, I bought her a hairpin after earning money. She
was so happy that she didn’t pull my ear for half a year"
Shen
Yaoqing realized that he had spoken out about his incompetence, and quickly
made amends: "Of course, she doesn't often pull my ears, and besides, I
let her go."
Shen
Xuanqing raised her eyebrows and smiled, but didn’t expose him , he said:
"I know big brother, I will buy one when I see it."
"Hey,
that's right, don't just grow tall only, but also grow heart." Shen
Yaoqing patted him on the shoulder again, looking relieved.
There were not many things to sell today, except for
the wild soapberries, there were ten badger skins, and there was no need to pull
the cart. Shen Xuanqing told his family, and Lu Gu sent him out of the
courtyard.
When Shen Xuanqing was far away, Lu Gu called the puppy
back, and went to the hall to continue embroidering a coat for Shen Yan.
The women at home were doing needlework. Shen Yaoqing
chopped the firewood for a while and saw that the sun was high, so he took a
hemp rope and hatchet and went up the mountain to collect firewood. The
firewood he collected these days hadn’t been sold, and he stuffed it into the
woodshed. He was still thinking about it, he had no other work these two days,
so he went up the mountain with Shen Xuanqing to cut more firewood and came
back.
When it was almost noon, Lu Gu was cooking in the
kitchen, and Shen Yan was lighting the fire for him. At this moment, the puppy
and Dahui barked and ran out of the yard.
As soon as he heard it, he knew that Shen Xuanqing was
back, but the vegetables hadn't been cut yet, and the meal was going to be
served later, he couldn't stop, so he had to look out from the window.
Not long after, Shen Xuanqing walked into the courtyard
with a bamboo basket on his back, approached the kitchen and smiled when he saw
Lu Gu, and said, "I'm back."
Lu Gu's eyes brightened slightly, and he smiled
lightly.
"Mother." Seeing Wei Lanxiang coming out,
Shen Xuanqing shouted, he unloaded the bamboo basket, and took out two
oil-paper umbrellas from it. Standing in the kitchen, Lu Gu saw round green
fruits under the bamboo basket. The green was so bright that it looked very
fresh in the withering silence of early winter.
"Walking around at the pier, I bought some oranges
when I saw someone selling oranges." After speaking, Shen Xuanqing glanced
at Lu Gu with a smile on his brows.
His fulang was timid and had never seen the world.
Every time he encountered something he had never seen before, his eyes were always
slightly opened, curious and surprised, obviously wanting to know what it was,
because he was timid, he didn’t go forward.
Every time he saw Lu Gu like this, he couldn't help
laughing.
"This color feels fresh no matter how many times I
see it." Wei Lanxiang smacked her lips and said, "Is it cheaper this
year?"
When Shen Shunfu was there, he bought oranges for his
family a few times. The seller came by boat from the far south, and the few
times he bought them were not cheap, so he bought few oranges.
"It's okay." Shen Xuanqing showed the two
oil-paper umbrellas to Wei Lanxiang, and he didn’t say the price of the
oranges, "You can use these two when there is snow."
Wei Lanxiang opened the umbrella to take a look, the
surface of the umbrella was painted with flowers, and it was beautiful. Shen
Yan added some firewood to the bottom of the stove and ran out to look at it.
Such a beautiful oil-paper umbrella made her laughed so much that her eyes
almost disappeared, and she even held it around in her hand, and said to Lu Gu:
"Brother Guzi, look."
Lu Gu put the cut vegetables into the bowl, looked up
and said, "It looks good."
Every winter when it snowed heavily, he didn't go out very
much. The little snow may look small when it floated, but it quickly turned
into water when it fell on the body and head, which could make the clothes and
hair became wet, and it felt too much to wear a bamboo hat. It was better to
hold an oil-paper umbrella.
The painted umbrellas were more expensive, but seeing
the family members were so happy, Shen Xuanqing felt that the money was not
wasted.
"Go and eat it with sister-in-law." He took a
few oranges from the bamboo basket and handed them to Shen Yan, and gave two to
Wei Lanxiang, he said, "Mother, you can eat too."
After
that, he took two more oranges and entered the kitchen, he handed one to Lu Gu,
and said, "Smell it, the orange peel was different from other
fruits."
Lu Gu wiped his hands on the apron, and took it
carefully. The green orange was quite big, plump and heavy. Gently sniffing it,
the unique fragrance was really different.
Shen Xuanqing peeled off the other one, squeezed the
peeled orange peel, and a little juice splashed out, and the juice splashed
towards Lu Gu, he quickly stepped back half a step, causing Shen Xuanqing to
chuckle.