101

Chapter 101
"Sister Wanyun's life is really hard, she is the only one left." Shen Yan took out the washed vegetables with both hands, and shook the water on the wooden basin.
Lu Gu brought a small bamboo plaque, he used this to control the water for the washed vegetables, because it would be fried later. Hearing what Shen Yan said, he frowned and sighed softly.
In the courtyard of the Zhang family, Li Wanyun, who was wearing a filial piety dress, straightened her neck and said, "My mother just left, her body hasn't cooled down completely. I haven't even brought back a coffin, so you just ask me for money, where did you think I get the money from?"
"I just want to ask you, did you sell my Zhang family's eleven acres of land?" An old man with his hands behind his back widened his eyes and said angrily. His words clearly regarded Li Wanyun as a thief who sold the family's land.
"Your Zhang family." Li Wanyun was furious and felt chills in her heart, she said with a sneer, "Did you come to serve my mother when she was sick? Did you ever give out a grain of rice and a handful of flour when my husband was buried?"
"So what if I sold the land? My mother is dying of illness. No one came to see her, and no good relative gave me money. What can I do? The little money at home was wiped out by you when my husband was buried! Now you ask me for money, I tell you, the money from selling the land has already been spent on medicine, and I can't even fish out money to arrange a banquet. "
Li Wanyun was so angry that her body was trembling all over. She opened her eyes wide and tears kept streaming down her face. While talking, she suddenly remembered something, she raised her hand to wipe away her tears, then smiled and said, "Fourth Uncle, uncles and aunts, you came just in time. Your nephew's wife has no money, and I can't even bury my mother, so I can only ask you to lend me some money, and besides, this is your Zhang family's matter, as an uncle and aunt, you should pay for this money."
The fourth uncle Zhang was so ashamed when he heard Li wanyun said about eating and taking money. He was an elder and should support the younger generation, but he was pointed out in public that he was greedy for the younger generation's property, and the old flesh on his face twitched a few times.
Now, there was only one Li Wanyun left, no different from the last one, the money for selling the lands was at least dozens of taels, it was their Zhang family's land, so naturally it was also their Zhang family's money. Why should it fall into the hands of a daughter-in-law, who was clearly an outsider. It was alright if Li Wanyun could be a widow in peace, but he was afraid that if she remarried in the future, the money would really fall into the hands of outsiders.
After thinking about it like this, he gained the confidence to ask for money again.
Next to him, Zhang Gui whispered in his ear again, saying that he had inquired about the land's matter, and the land was sold for more than fifty taels.
Hearing this, The fourth uncle Zhang narrowed his eyes, and the light flashed through the narrowed eyes, it was more than fifty taels!
"I want to ask you, did you hide the money from selling the land?" The fourth uncle Zhang asked with a dignified air.
"Bah!" Li Wanyun immediately cursed loudly: "Which bastard said that I hide the money? You blind lard bastards who know to pretend, with rotten tongues and black hearts. What kind of immoral thing you don't dare to do, you even want to steal money from the dead! "
"It's not in accordance with the heavens law for a daughter-in-law to come and scold her uncle and aunt!" The fourth uncle Zhang's family jumped up and down after being scolded by Li Wanyun, looking for sticks and firewood to beat her.
Seeing this situation, Li Wanyun clenched her teeth, risked all her face (reputation), she imitated what Lao Zhang used to look like. She sat on the ground, patted her thighs and then cried and wailed: "The Zhang family is cruel, they will hound me to death. If you want to beat me today, then I won't live anymore."
"I was beaten for no reason in the past, and I couldn't even get a bite to eat. Now I can only die, and they don't even give me a way to survive."
She was crying bitterly, Quanzi's mother and Wei Lanxiang tried to drag her up from the ground, but they couldn't move her. She kept crying, full of sorrow and grief. The crying became more and more miserable, and she also talked about the pain of being beaten and not having enough food.
Originally, Li Wanyun just wanted to drive away these relatives, but the more she talked, the sadder she became. Her fate was not good, and after marrying that animal, she never lived a stable life, so the more she cried, the more tears she shed.
Shen Xuanqing was also in the Zhang family's house, although Zhang Zhengzi was gone, and the favor of these helpers couldn't be repaid, but for the sake of Li Wanyun's loneliness, helping her to dig graves and bury people with Quanzi could be regarded as good deeds.
He snatched the long door latch from The fourth uncle Zhang, frowned and said, "The fourth uncle, all the money from selling the land was used to buy medicine. In the past few days, their family always decocted medicine every day. Didn't you smell it in the village?"
The fourth uncle Zhang and the Zhang family belonged to the same family and lived together in the village, but their relationship was not close. They never thought that as soon as Lao Zhang died, The fourth uncle Zhang and Zhang Gui would come to ask for money. The villagers all said a few fair words, saying that seeing a doctor and taking medicine was a bottomless pit, let alone a few dozen taels, even a hundred taels was not enough.
The women and fulangs like Wei Lanxiang also scolded them a few words for being heartless, no matter in the village or outside the village, it would be embarrassing to be pointed at the nose and poked the spine, and the Zhang family's relatives soon settled down.
The fourth uncle Zhang didn't know this, he was stopped by some young and strong men at the moment, so he couldn't say anything for a while.