53 Part

Chapter 53
The
mountain road was rugged, and it was not easy to walk with a cart. Not to
mention it was muddy after the rain, it was easy to slip on the uphill and
downhill. After two days of sunshine, the ground was a little dry.
Lu Gu led the dwarf deer and walked in the front, Shen
Xuanqing pulled the cart, the wheels creaked and creaked, the puppy ran with Dahui,
and when the dwarf deer refused to leave, he imitated the big dog barking voice
fiercely.
The dwarf deer was injured in his front leg, so it
walked slowly, and Shen Xuanqing was not in a hurry.
Like the mule in the village, this dwarf deer was also
a thing that could watch people order food. If it went to the millstone and saw
that the person holding the whip was a woman or fulang, and the rope was put on
it, it wouldn’t pull the mill, It could only be led by a man. If the woman wanted
to grind rice flour, just let it wear blindfold so it couldn't see, she could draw
a whip in the air and it would walk up.
Lu Gu was not a big threat to the dwarf deer, and
sometimes it would pull back the hemp rope desperately, trying to break free
and escape. Fortunately, Lu Gu had been guarding against it, afraid that it
would run away, and the hemp rope was very tight.
Seeing it from behind, Shen Xuanqing put down the cart,
picked the hemp rope from the cart as a whip, and whipped the dwarf deer hard a
few times. His strength was stronger than Lu Gu, so the dwarf deer wouldn’t
struggle when it hurt.
Although he was not in a hurry, this dwarf deer was
dishonest, and it took too much time to walk, so Shen Xuanqing patted Dahui’s
neck and told him to go home first.
Dahui, who understood the words, ran away, and the
puppy subconsciously wanted to follow. Fortunately, Shen Xuanqing stopped him
with quick hands and eyes. The mountain road was far away, and the puppy was
not as fast as Dahui, so it was easy to get lost. The forest was so big , once
lost, it was hard to find.
"Dahei, come back." Shen Xuanqing whistled,
calling to stop the black dog running at the back.
The gray and white dog called Dabai, turned back when
he heard the whistle, but Shen Xuanqing said "go" to him, and ran
home first with Dahui. Dahui was smart and capable, but it was more
reassuring to run back with multiple companions.
"Let Brother Daqing come up and pull the dwarf
deer, so as not to be delayed by it all the way." Shen Xuanqing explained
while taking the puppy over, and put it down in front of Lu Gu.
The puppy followed Lu Gu every day, and got close to
him naturally, rubbing his body against Lu Gu's calf.
With the black dog around, the puppy stopped barking in
a hurry, and ran ahead while wagging his tail, turning around and barking at Lu
Gu from time to time, as if to ask him to keep up with him.
After walking for a while and resting for a while,
after stopping, Lu Gu drank a few sips of water, handed the bamboo tube to Shen
Xuanqing, and whispered: "You drink."
The
dwarf deer was tied to a tree by Shen Xuanqing . The prey that was a
little scattered due to the bumps along the way was gathered up. In addition to
the prey, there were bamboo baskets full of things on the cart. The two baskets
contained dipicai and fresh mushrooms, which were specially brought home.
Yesterday the two of them also went to dig a bunch of
slender young bamboo shoots, which were not as sweet and tender as the spring
bamboo shoots, but slightly tenderer than the thick and big old bamboo shoots.
They also picked a lot of wild soapberries, plus what Lu
Gu picked before, they packed half of them in sacks, even if they cost six copper
coins a catty, they could sell for at least more than three hundred copper
coins.
There were also people in Qianshan who often pick wild
soapberries to sell. Lu Gu could sell so much money at a time, which seemed like
a lot, but he walked longer and farther in the mountain road than others to
bring it down. How could he make money so easily? Yes, he picked too much from
that old tree, and the remaining ones hadn't grown up yet, so he had to look
around to see where there were wild soapberries trees.
When he heard Dahui's bark again, Lu Gu looked forward,
and after a while, Wei Lanxiang and the other three appeared in his field of
vision.
"Erqing, Guzi." Before she came to him, Wei
Lanxiang called both of them with a smile.
Lu Gu responded with Shen Xuanqing, and seeing that
Shen Yaoqing didn't come, Shen Xuanqing knew that he was doing part-time work
and not at home.
Ji Qiuyue was very discerning, and as soon as she
came over, she took the hemp rope in Lu Gu's hand, and said with a smile,
"This dwarf deer is quite fat."
After
doing the farm work, her hands were not light. In her eyes, Lu Gu was timid and
his hands must be light, so she took the hemp rope from the cart, whipped the
dwarf a few times, turned her head and said to Lu Gu: "You and Shen Yan go
to push the cart, and I will pull it with mother."
Hearing this, Lu Gu nodded in agreement, and went behind
the cart with Shen Yan to push the cart.
When they reached the steeper hillside, Wei Lanxiang
also came to push. The three of them bowed their waists hard, and Shen
Xuanqing, who was pulling the cart in the front, was obviously a little
lighter.
The road was more lively when there were more people,
and the puppy was very excited. After all, he was small, and Lu Gu obviously
loved him.
After
walking a little bit on the mountain road, Shen Xuanqing carried him into the
cart, and now he got out of the cart. Jumping down, wagging his tail, running
and having fun, amidst the sound of barking, a few people chatted and laughed
and went home.
After
dinner, Lu Gu took four sachets from the room, handed them to Ji Qiuyue who was
carrying a wooden basin to wash clothes, and said, "Sister-in-law, these are
for you and brother Daqing"
"So exquisite." Ji Qiuyue quickly put the
wooden basin on the ground, took the sachet, smelled it, and said, "It's
so beautiful, the fragrance of this herbs is quite good, its smells like it can
refresh your mind "
The herbs inside were all found by Lu Gu in the
mountains, among which the cold and refreshing herbs was the most difficult to
find, he spent a long time in the mountains to find it, it took a lot of
thought and effort.
"The embroidery is really good. I'll learn from
you tomorrow." Ji Qiuyue knew that Lu Gu was going to embroider a sachet
for Wei Lanxiang, but she didn't expect that she and Shen Yaoqing would also
had one.
Embarrassed by the praise, Lu Gu lowered his head but his
eyes were full of joy.
Ji Qiuyue went to wash clothes by the river, for fear
of losing the sachet, so she went into the room and put away the sachet.
Wei Lanxiang was in the east room, and Lu Gu still had
two in his hand. He also met Ji Qiuyue as soon as he left the room, so he gave
it to her first.
"Mother, this is for you." As soon as Lu Gu
entered the east room, he saw Wei Lanxiang rummaging through the box, handed
over the sachet, he saw Shen Yan coming over, and gave the rest to Shen Yan.
"This flower embroiderer is really beautiful. Where
could I find such a skillful fulang." Wei Lanxiang took a look, smiled
from ear to ear, and praised him again.
Even Shen Yan was overjoyed, looking at the flowers
embroidered on it, she smiled and rolled her almond eyes. She was so big, how
could she ever had such a beautiful sachet.
Everyone in the family had them, and Shen Xuanqing
naturally had a sachet, and Lu Gu gave it to him when he was the first to make
it.
Before it was time to make dinner in the afternoon, Wei
Lanxiang was full of smiles, and took Shen Yan to buy tofu, and also bought
some bacon to fried with bamboo shoots tomorrow. She had a brand new
embroidered sachet hanging on her waist, It was bright and eye-catching, and
everyone in the village would take a second look when they meet on the road.
She stopped to show off to others, this was specially
made by Lu Gu for her, and she took it off for those people to see and smell,
looked at the color, looked at the embroidery, even the herbs inside were better
than ordinary sachets smell, it could be regarded as letting her show off in
front of the three aunts and six wives, her face was full of charming smiles.
When Lu Gu got up early in the morning, he went to
Fenggu Town with Shen Xuanqing, and the two first went to the morning market to
sell things.
Lu Gu often sold wild soapberries and medlars, and this
time he brought some bamboo mushrooms and mountain persimmons. When he went to
dig autumn bamboo shoots yesterday, he picked five fresh ones, and the rest
were dried with bamboo mushrooms.
Shen Xuanqing said that both medical clinics and
restaurants accepted bamboo mushrooms, and the price was good. This thing was one
of the mountain delicacies. If he sold it in the stall, the price would be
suppressed, so he didn't take out the bamboo mushrooms.