82 Part 48

Speaking
of hair cakes, Wei Lanxiang thought of something, turned her head and said to Ji
Qiuyue: "Didn't your third uncle give back some red dates last time,
didn't you tell Daqing yesterday that you wanted to eat a cake or something,
and mother will make it for you tomorrow Jujube Cake." The road is not
easy these days, Ji Qiuyue didn't urge Shen Yaoqing to go to the town, but she
just said it when she thought of the taste of the pastry, and Wei Lanxiang knew
it too.
Speaking of hair cakes, Wei Lanxiang thought of
something, she turned her head and said to Ji Qiuyue: "Didn't your third
uncle give back some red dates last time, didn't you tell Daqing yesterday that
you wanted to eat a cake or something, mother will make jujube cake for you
tomorrow."
The road was not easy these days, Ji Qiuyue didn't urge
Shen Yaoqing to go to the town to buy some pastries, but she just said it when
she thought of the taste of the pastry, and Wei Lanxiang also knew.
She pursed her lips and said with a smile: "Okay,
I will make it with mother tomorrow."
The red dates were given to Shen Xuanqing last time
when he gave Shen Shunwang badger meat. No one in their family liked badger
meat, but they had so many badger meat. There was no harm in giving some to their
relatives and close friends.
While talking, Shen Yaoqing came back from the outside,
he saw a lot of claw fruits in the bamboo plaque, he squatted down and picked two
to eat, he didn't get up, he squatted there and said: "Zhengzi has
gone."
Wei
Lanxiang stopped her hands, Zhang Zhengzi and Shen Xuanqing were the same age,
only nineteen after this year, she sighed and asked, "What about his
mother?"
"She didn't know at the beginning, but when she
found out. she didn't catch her breath and fainted." Shen Yaoqing replied.
Thinking of Lao Zhang, Wei Lanxiang sighed again, and
asked: "How about Wanyun?"
"She
became stupid, didn't respond, and couldn't speak, Quanzi Fulang helped her to let
her sleep at his house."
After
Shen Yaoqing finished speaking, she felt that it would be good for Li Wanyun
that Zhang Zhengzi was gone, and no one would beat her anymore, but she also
became a widow.
Both
Shen Xuanqing and Shen Yaoqing felt that men who beat their wives and fulangs
were the most incompetent, and they usually looked down on Zhang Zhengzi, but
now that he was dead, there was nothing to look down on.
"Did they say when to bury him?" Wei Lanxiang
continue to cut the claw fruit again.
Zhang Zhengzi was too young to have any children, but
Qingxi Village was good, if he was in other villages, he might not even be
allowed to enter the ancestral graves.
"There were so many people in the house, it was
such a mess, I heard my uncle said to have
lingering period
for three days and keep everything
simple." Shen Yaoqing picked up a claw fruit to eat, but was beaten by Ji
Qiuyue and asked him to wash it first.
Shen Yaoqing smiled, he grabbed a handful of claw fruits,
got up and said, "You can eat more after washing."
Lu Gu listened beside him, and when he heard that Zhang
Zhengzi was dead, he thought of Li Wanyun, and heard Shen Yaoqing said that she
became stupid, she could 't even speak, and he felt a little uncomfortable. Li
Wanyun didn’t talk much, although they didn't meet many times, he thought she
was an honest and good person.
Wei Lanxiang hadn't finished cutting the claw fruits, she
suddenly remembered something, hurried into the room and dug out a piece of red
cloth from the box. She sat by the bed and cut the red cloth, she took it out and
gave it to Ji Qiuyue, she whispered: "Don't go out these few days, go and
change your belt with this.”
The Zhang family was too close to their house, afraid
of being bumped into something, so they had to block it with a red
cloth. Ji Qiuyue didn't say much, and went back to her room to change her
belt.