20 Part 26

While Lu Gu was watched by him, he thought he was lazy and made a mistake, so he quickly lowered his head and springkled the medicine, not daring to look at the dog again.
There was realgar in the medicine powder, and other medicinal materials for repelling snakes and insects, which could keep the insects out of the courtyard. If Shen Xuanqing was alone, there was no need to buy these, but when buying medicines, he wanted Lu Gu to come up with him. No matter what, the skin and flesh were tenderer than a rough man, so it was always right to have an extra precaution.
It took four whole packs of medicine powder to finish this round. Shen Xuanqing was fast when he was filling the soil. After Lu Gu finished, he would step on the filled soil so that the empty soil could be solidified, so that he wouldn't be afraid when it was rain, the powder was washed away by the rain.
After the two of them finished their work, the sun walked to the west again, and without doing anything else today, Lu Gu went to the kitchen to cook.
It was autumn here, and they usually ate rice porridge when they got up early. The warm and soft white rice was warm and moist in the stomach. This morning, because they were hungry, they didn't cook rice and only cooked vegetables. This meal they had time to cook rice porridge.
There was not much water in the tank, so Shen Xuanqing carried the wooden barrel to the river to fetch water. There was a low place more than a mile away from the house, which was the Qingxi River that flowed from a deeper place, so it was very convenient to fetch water.
After the white rice was put into the pot, Lu Gu put the drawer up, put the steamed buns and four sliced ​​pumpkins, added a fire to the bottom of the pot, then turned around and went to the counter to chop vegetables, busy all by himself.
Shen Xuanqing ran a few times to fill up the waist-high water tank. At this time, the pot was steaming, and   the vegetables were cut. He wiped his hands with his apron, squatted on the ground and added two sticks of firewood. Let the fire simmer for a while longer.
Shen Xuanqing, who put down the barrel, glanced at the chopping board. There was only one vegetable, which was the winter melon he picked from his third uncle's house yesterday. He brought two big ones, one was enough to fry a big bowl, and Lu Gu also cut three Green Chilies, he planned to use chili to fry.
they ate stewed chicken yesterday, but today it was normal to switch back to vegetarian. it was like this in the countryside, and eating meat was only occasionally.
But for Shen Xuanqing, he was a hunter, and he was different from the man who worked in the crop field. In the past, he himself was reluctant to eat meat in order to sell it for money on the mountain, so he just dug some wild vegetables and cooked them. Now Lu Gu came up with him, you had to prepare something meaty, even if you didn't eat it all at once, you couldn't suffer if you could cut a piece of pork or sliced ​​meat when cooking.
He was so tall here, it was hard for people to ignore him, but fortunately, Lu Gu had work to do, so he wouldn't be embarrassed by standing still.
The pumpkin was steamed, and the steamed buns were steaming hot. When he took out the drawer, he saw that the rice porridge was also cooked. It was so hot that it was hard to eat. Just as he was about to stir-fry the vegetables, Lu Gu scooped out the rice porridge first.
Shen Xuanqing had nothing to do, but his eyesight was not bad, so he poured a gourd of water into the pot after he scoopped the rice porridge.
Lu Gu scrubbed it hastily, wiped the water in the pot dry with a cloth, and added some firewood to the bottom of the stove. Once the fire was hot, the pot dried up visible to the naked eye, and the cooking was done in one go.
Seeing that there was only half of the oil left in the clay pot, Shen Xuanqing thought to himself that the oil would be brought up next time, and there were only the two of them, these would be enough for a while, so no need to worry.
He was thinking again, if it was getting colder today, a can of lard would be delicious to cook. Now wild boars were all in the deep forest. If you were lucky, you could meet one. If you couldn’t meet them in half a month, you should go to the town to buy some fat meat and came back.
Lu Gu didn't know what he was pondering about, but he just saw that the dishes were fried and not sticky, and his heart was at peace.
During the meal, Lu Gu also picked up a small bowl of pickled vegetables, steamed buns and rice porridge, steamed pumpkin and stir-fried vegetables, one meal was enough to satisfy the two of them.
They had eaten early today, and the sun was just about to set when Lu Gu finished cleaning up in the kitchen.
Shen Xuanqing didn't intend to go out to see those traps. Firstly, it was tiring to drive the cart in the mountain road, and secondly, it was because of selfishness. He looked at Lu Gu and couldn't help wanting to get closer.
As for what to do after getting close, he couldn't think of it himself. With a calm and handsome face with little expression, his heart was tangled and tense. In the end, he couldn't think of a reason, so he had to give up.
"I'm going to set up a net in the river, will you go?" Shen Xuanqing asked, and then added: "Let you recognize the nearby road."
Lu Gu came out of the kitchen and was thinking about what to do, when he heard the words, he moved a little, nodded, followed him out together.
The river was not far away, and you could see it at a glance to the west from the gate of the courtyard. Two pepper trees were planted on the west side of the courtyard wall. When the trees grew up, they were like a barrier, and the two were not small when they were connected together.
It was early autumn, and the green pepper will turn red after a while. Now that they were close, they could still smell a faint numbness.
"There were more than 30 miles in there, and you will go deeper into the old forest. Don't go there if you have nothing to do. The old forest was dense and it was difficult to get out without a dog. I don't go there often, so don't go there."
Shen Xuanqing carried the net on his back, pointed to the north while walking and told Lu Gu, and finally he also said: "If you have something urgent to go back and you don't remember the way you come, you won't get lost if you follow the river. However, some parts of the river are difficult to walk, and you have to detour in the mountains before flowing down."
"Yeah, I see." Lu Gu nodded seriously.
Dahui and the little dog were eating in the courtyard. They smelled the hot wheat bran and flour mixed with leftover soup in the basin, turned their heads and were reluctant to eat, but Shen Xuanqing went out, obviously there was no bone or stick today, so they had to accept their fate and bowed their heads to eat.
Shen Xuanqing never treated the dogs badly. After all, if he wanted them to hunt along with him, they needed to have good physical strength. He could raise the three of them so that their fur were smooth, but they couldn't gnaw on their bones every day.
After he cast his net by the river, the three dogs ran over after eating, and circled around them.
Having been frightened by the black dog before, Lu Gu didn't dare to get close to them, but Dahui was okay, he followed his legs to protect him when he went up the mountain, he seemed very loyal, he even dared to touch Dahui's head.
Shen Xuanqing tied the edge of the net to the big rock on the river bank, and when he came back tomorrow morning, some fish might be caught.
The river was rushing and flowing, and the afterglow of the setting sun shone on the water surface, which was really beautiful.
The mountains and forests were quiet, and sometimes there was a mellow or crisp bird song, which made people forgot their minds, as if they were in that paradise, far away from the entanglement of the world.