81 Part

Chapter 81
When
Lao Zhang regained her strength, she yelled at Li Wanyun: "You money loser,
you don't cover your man with a quilt, are you trying to freeze my son to
death?”
She made two more bah bah, glared at Li Wanyun and
said: "If you die, you will die first. My son is blessed with great fate,
and he will definitely wake up."
Seeing Li Wanyun being scolded, Quanzi fulang didn’t
dare to say a word, secretly sighed feeling pity, but he couldn't do anything,
and he went home after calling Quanzi’s mother.
As soon as Shen Xuanqing and the others came out from the
courtyard, they met Lin Zhongcai and his son who came over. Lin Zhongcai and
Shen Xuanqing's grandma were closely related, although they were far away, they
were still relatives, Shen Xuanqing's generation called him granduncle.
"Uncle is here." Wei Lanxiang said, and the
two Shen brothers called granduncle.
"It's Lanxiang, what's going on?." Lin
Zhongcai asked when he saw it was them.
Shen Yaoqing said: " Granduncle, when we came
here, we saw that Zhengzi and his mother fell to the ground. Zhengzi fell
heavily and passed out, and his mother's leg was broken. and I don't know much
about the rest. "
"That's
it, did you invite langzhong?" "Lin Zhongcai walked into Zhang's
courtyard, he walked while asking questions.
After all, he was an elder, so Wei Lanxiang couldn't
just leave, so she had to follow behind with her sons, and said, "Yes,
Dazhi and the others have gone."
"Uncle Lin is here." Quanzi’s mother called
him, and Quanzi’s fulang next to him also called someone.
At this moment, there was no one else in the Zhang
family. Lin Zhongcai wanted to know what was going on, so he had to aske to
Quan family next door.
"I only came out when I heard Lao Zhang voice for
help. As soon as I came out, I saw her and Zhengzi lying on the ground in front
of the door. Zhengzi didn't move at that moment." Quanzi’s mother said
truthfully.
After entering the room, Lao Zhang groaned in a low
voice because of the pain in her legs. After all, she was old, and it was considered
good to be able to endure until now,
when she saw Lin
Zhongcai now, she cried and
complained immediately,
saying that Dazhi and the others had lost their conscience, no one was willing
to help her to invite langzhong, and they had to blackmail her for a jade
pendant.
Although Lin Zhongcai was old, he was not confused. He
glanced at Shen Yaoqing and saw him shaking his head slightly, and he knew that
the old woman was talking nonsense. "I just want to ask you, what's going
on with Zhengzi?"
Lao Zhang wiped away her tears, she said, "My son
said he was going to drink with Dayang. I went to look for him at night when he
didn't come back. And then I saw he was lying in front of the door. I slipped
and fell while helping him."
"Dayang is also hateful, it's not good to drink,
and he still had to find my son to drink today, wasn't it intentional to hurt
people when you invite someone out with such heavy snow?"
Before she
finished speaking, she saw Li Wanyun who was holding the brazier. She stared at
her viciously and said, "It must be her, she must have a bad heart and
pushed my son to the ground, causing Zhengzi to fall so hard, I should have
killed this scourge if I knew it!"
Li Wanyun was timid and afraid of death, and didn’t
dare to disobey the words of her husband and mother-in-law, but at this moment
she hadn’t put down the brazier, and she stood there in a daze, her face was
pale, her eyes were red, her hair was messy, and there were tears and blood on
her face. She opened her mouth to defend herself, but she could only say
"I didn't".
"Lao Zhang, I saw that you and Zhengzi fell
outside the door first, and Wanyun came out of the courtyard to help you. She
pushed your son?, don't talk empty words to slander the good people.
"Quanzi’s mother couldn't stand it anymore, she took the brazier from Li
Wanyun's hand and put it on the ground, when the fire got bigger, the copper
basin would be hot, and your hands would get scalded.
"Is she still a good person?" Lao Zhang glared
at Li Wanyun, and wanted to continue but was interrupted by Quanzi’s mother.
"Don't talk nonsense, it's quiet at night, I was
pouring my grandson’s urin in the yard, and I heard a bang sound from outside,
as if someone fell, and after that you yelled and asked if it was Zhengzi. I
thought it was Zhengzi who fell and didn't think much about it. I went back to the
room and then I heard you howled.
Quanzi's parents were a pair of good people, with kind
hearts, and they were friendly with everyone in the village, and now when they saw
Lao Zhang wronged Li Wanyun, Quanzi’s mother couldn't stand it, and defended Li
Wanyun.
What she said was very reasonable, Li Wanyun was a weak
woman, how could she have the courage to push her husband, not to mention Quanzi’s
mother was a kind person in the village, she was not a liar, Lin Zhongcai
believed it somewhat.
"I think Zhengzi stepped on urine and
slipped." Shen Xuanqing said.
Seeing that everyone in the house was looking at him,
he said: "The puddle of urine in front of the courtyard has turned yellow
on the snow. It's hard to distinguish at night, but you can tell from the dark
color on the snow. Zhengzi's body also smells like urine, aunt Zhang also has this
smell all over her body, and she got the smell when she fell because she also
stepped on the urine."
There was indeed a smell of urine in the room, only
Shen Xuanqing was aware of it, other people were anxious just now, and now they
could detect it after thinking about it for a while, so Shen Xuanqing said: "He
went to drink, when he came back he should relieve himself under the wall, and
stepped on it when he didn’t pay attention. "
"There is blood on the stone outside, it must be
left by Zhengzi when he fell down and knocked his head on it."
Shen
Xuanqing had developed a habit of hunting, and he was able to focus on
observing his surroundings even when he was in a hurry, and he could see it with
the light reflected from Quanzi’s mother’s lantern at that time.