21 Part

Chapter 21
"It's time to go back."
Shen Xuanqing glanced at the western sky, the sun set as soon as it said it was going down, it would be dark soon, the mountains and forests at night were dangerous, it was better to go back as soon as possible.
Lu Gu was called back to the world by this sentence, his eyes rolled slightly, showing a little flustered, then he bit his lip lightly, lowered his head to cover up his distraction just now.
He was kicked out several times when he was hungry , and when he searched for a long time and couldn't find anything to eat, he would hold his stomach tightly and stared at the river or the mountains in a daze. As a result, others saw him and laughed at him for being stupid , and he felt embarrassed. It was rarely like that after that.
After returning home, a very thick tree trunk leaned against the wall next to the courtyard door. Shen Xuanqing closed the courtyard door, and then struggled to half hug and half drag the heavy long tree trunk against the door. Even the bears couldn't break through the gate.
Ever since the old hunter went through that incident, he even taught Shen Xuanqing how to do it, and he often told him that he must press the door well at night , otherwise he would die.
While it was still dark, Lu Gu boiled water for the two of them to wash and wash their feet. It was really cold in the deep mountains, and the cold came after the sun went down. Fortunately, Wei Lanxiang brought him a jacket.
The crescent moon hung quietly in the sky, the windows creaked and were closed, and the room became much darker, and only outlines could be seen in the haze.
Lu Gu was sleeping in the bed, Shen Xuanqing closed the window and groped into bed. The quilt was lifted and closed again, and there was a warm and tall man beside him.
Lu Gu only slept with Shen Xuanqing, and lying next to such a tall and strong man, he sometimes felt oppressed and afraid, and when he was thinking wildly, he once thought about it, could it be that all married shuang'er and girls were afraid of the men around them at night .
But these words must never be said to the second person. He was ashamed, so naturally he couldn't say it, and he didn't even dare to think about it because he was too outrageous.
Both inside and outside the house were very quiet, they covered two layers of quilts, and they warmed up after lying down, and Lu Gu gradually fell asleep.
The other person on the bed couldn't fall asleep for a long time.
Shen Xuanqing didn't know what was wrong with him, listening to the soft and shallow breathing in his ears made him even more impatient. As for what he was impatient with, he couldn't tell, he just felt like something was missing in his hands, and there seemed to be something in his chest that couldn't be filled, empty and empty.
When the forest became quieter, you could hear the faint rustling of the wind outside. Lu Gu's breathing was steady, apparently he was in a deep sleep.
Shen Xuanqing turned over gently, grabbed the soft hand under the quilt, and gradually clenched it tightly, so that the palm of the hand was at ease.
People were greedy, just looked at whether the greed was big or small.
He held his hand, and he should have fallen asleep like at noon, but he didn't know whether it was the long night or something, but the closer he got, he could smell the warmth and softness of Lu Gu's body, the hotter the bed, it was so clean and soft, the smell seemed to come out more and more.
Shen Xuanqing was almost in a mess, he was a reckless boy who was only eighteen years old, and he had never even held Shuang'er's hand before, let alone facing this charming that only he was aware of.
The night blinded the vision, invisible but tangible, since no one could see, it strengthened the courage.
When Lu Gu was still at Shen's house last night, he didn't sleep well because he was worried about going up the mountain, and today he walked the mountain road for a long time during the day. Didn't wake him up.
After hugged him into his arms, Shen Xuanqing breathed a sigh of relief, his empty chest was filled, and it turned out that people often said the word "satisfied", that's it.
The dew was very heavy in the morning, and it didn't take long to walk into the grass, and the trousers on the uppers of the shoes would be wet. After Lu Gu woke up, Shen Xuanqing had already dressed and got out of bed. As for sleeping in each other's arms last night, he didn't know at all.
The usual thing after got up early was to boil water and ate steamed buns, which was no different from that at the foot of the mountain.
"I'm late, I can't make it for lunch, you can eat by yourself, you don't need to wait for me." Shen Xuanqing carried a long hatchet, a bow and arrow, and a bamboo basket on one shoulder, with hemp rope and a small cloth bag of steamed buns in the basket.
The two of them crossed the threshold, and outside the courtyard, he turned his head and told Lu Gu: "There are no wild animals in the forest around here, but don't run too far, it won't be too late to go out after I get you familiar with this place."
Nodding in response, Shen Xuanqing had nothing to say after explaining, and paused for a while before saying: "Then I'm leaving."
After he finished speaking, he didn't hesitate anymore, and headed to the east, and the three dogs ran towards the forest in a familiar way.
Lu Gu watched, the dog barking gradually faded away, and as Shen Xuanqing's figure disappeared into the forest, he could no longer see him, he felt a bit of emptiness and silence, he was the only one left here.
Birds fluttered their wings and the sun rose, bringing some warmth. Lu Gu went back alone, because the sun was not yet bright, he was panicked, turned around and closed the courtyard door, surrounded by high walls, he felt at ease.
The front yard was quite big, but it hadn’t been taken care of much. The long and heavy axes were thrown on the ground, and there were a lot of unsplit firewood scattered here and there. Juicy.
Lu Gu picked up the ax and leaned it against the wall, and piled the unsplit wood next to the firewood shed, at least they were neatly put together.He either washed or wiped the chopping boards, stoves, pots and bowls in the kitchen, and dusted the small jars of oil, salt, sauce and vinegar.
Because it was difficult to transport things in the mountains, except for the water tank, the rice,  and flour were all in cloth bags and placed on the mud platform on the other side of the chopping board. Otherwise if there was water on the ground, wetting the cloth bag would easily make the rice and flour damp and moldy, so it was good to put it in a high place.
He took a broom and swept the house and the kitchen again. There were many trees on the mountain, but there were fewer leaves in the front yard and the backyard where there was no tree, because the trees around the yard had been cut down to avoid blocking the sun. Enough open space, so that there were no trees blocking the way when you went out.
When Lu Gu finished his work, the sun rose and shone brightly on the world, he dared to go out. Seeing that the water in the water tank was low, he went out to fetch water with a wooden bucket, and when he got to the river, he remembered the net that Shen Xuanqing had laid yesterday, not far away.