37 Part 27

Shen Xuanqing had nothing to do after eating, so he
sat and chopped firewood with a small axe. The sun was hot for a long time, so
he moved to a cool place under the eaves.
Lu Gu collected the eggs from the backyard and put them
away in the kitchen. Seeing him chopping firewood, he paused at the door of the
kitchen, hesitantly approached, and squatted on the ground to collect the
chopped firewood. But before he picked them up, he looked up at Shen Xuanqing.
"What?" Shen Xuanqing asked subconsciously.
Then Lu Gu said anxiously: "Can you go up the
mountain tomorrow, the chickens and ducks are still on the mountain."
His voice was very small, and his voice still sounded a
little trembling, which showed how nervous he was.
When they came back yesterday, they drove the chickens
and ducks back to the yard, and put a lot of grass and chaff for them to peck
at themselves. Lu Gu was careful, so he put the hay nest in the leeward place
and covered it with a bamboo basket, and put the firewood on the bamboo basket.
Under the mouth of the basket, there was a slanted opening. Chickens and ducks
were used to sleeping in hay nests at night, and they would squeeze in by
themselves when the night was cold. Now that they have grown up, they were
fluffy and huddled together, and they wouldn’t freeze to death.
But this time he went down the mountain in a hurry,
which made Lu Gu felt uncertain. It would be fine for a day or two. If he went
down the mountain for a long time, he wouldn’t be at ease. He thought for a
while before he dared to discuss with Shen Xuanqing, but it's not that he
didn't hear the words between him and Wei Lanxiang, afraid that Shen Xuanqing
didn't have a good rest, he swallowed in fear, and said carefully: "Then
we will leave the day after tomorrow. You rest when we go to the mountain, and
I will cook and work."
Counting back yesterday, today the chickens and ducks
had only been in the mountains alone for a day, and they put a lot of grass, so
it was not impossible to go back the day after tomorrow.
Shen Xuanqing knew before that he was very rare about
those chickens and ducks, and seeing that he wanted to go back but was timid, he
nodded and said: "Then go up tomorrow, and rest at home was also
resting."
Hearing this, Lu Gu was very grateful in his heart, and
said thanks repeatedly, he was so grateful and joyful that he didn’t know what
to say. He picked up the bundle of fine firewood and put it into the firewood
room. Shen Xuanqing was working, but he didn’t dare to rest. He sat by the side
and waited for Shen Xuanqing to chop the firewood and he pick it up and put it
in the woodshed.
As soon as Wei Lanxiang came out of the room, she saw
the two of them under the eaves, one chopping firewood and the other holding
firewood. They really looked like a young couple who were used to their daily
lives, so she didn't bother them much, and went out.
Shen Xuanqing originally frowned slightly because Lu Gu
was too afraid of him and he felt uncomfortable, and he didn't know what to do
to dispel this fear, but who knew that Lu Gu didn't leave, and sat beside him,
obediently, all of a sudden it made him abandon other thoughts, and his star
pupils were stained with a smile.
When he was happy, his thoughts changed a little bit.
He thought to himself, and felt that although Lu Gu was still afraid of him, he
didn't just nod and say yes like before, and didn't dare to have any
objections. He told him today that he wanted to go to the mountain early,
anyway, he dare to speak, he thought that he was not as afraid of him like
before.
"I'll go for three or five days at most, you didn’t
need to cook anymore, go to Uncle's house for a meal, and I'll make it for you
when I come back."
Ji Qiuyue called Shen Yaoqing into the kitchen, lifted
the lid of the
bamboo steamer
and she explained that the steamed buns and pancakes were
all inside, and he could warm them up if he wanted to eat them. There was still
some rice wine at home, and if he could’nt make rice porridge, he could make
rice wine to drink. With these, he wouldn’t be hungry if he was hungry.
"Sure, I see. I'll take the remaining river eel
over there, buy a few more pieces of tofu, and bring it over for my third aunt
to cook. I'll eat it for the next few days." Shen Yaoqing didn't take the
matter of eating to heart, and mentioned that somethings could be eaten for two
or three days in the past, without him having to do it himself.
When Ji Qiuyue heard the same thing, she said,
"It's fine, you go and eat, and I will get a basket of chestnuts for my
third aunt when I come back."
Before the dew dried up early, the sun came out from
the east like a salted egg yolk, Shen Xuanqing pulled the empty cart, he went
into the mountain with Lu Gu, Wei Lanxiang and the others.
There were many people entering the mountain this time,
and the journey was even more lively. Even the dogs were a little excited,
running and barking, and wagging their tails.
Ji Qiuyue spoke briskly, and Wei Lanxiang was not rigid
and mean. She had become familiar with the eldest daughter-in-law after three
years, chatting and laughing along the way, and Shen Yan interrupted from time
to time. Lu Gu listened to the commotion.
They rested for a while, he went to pick
mountain flowers with Shen Yan, and felt that even the journey was shortened.
When he got to the mountain, Lu Gu went to the backyard
as soon as he opened the door. The chickens and ducks were fine, but after for
two days, the fence in the backyard was a little dirty. He took a shovel and
started to tidy up, shoveling up the excrement and dirt on the ground into a
pile Heap it up, he would find some green medicine leaves later, at least to
smoke the smell and it would be cleaner.
Wei Lanxiang saw that the courtyard and the kitchen
were neatly tidied up, which was much more tidy than when Shen Xuanqing was
alone, and she knew that Lu Gu was diligent, and she had more smiles on her
face.
She was hungry after walking for so long, so she and Ji
Qiuyue cooked in the kitchen first.
When Lu Gu came out from the backyard, seeing that he
couldn't help in the kitchen, he went to the east room to sweep and make their
beds.
Shen Yan followed him in to help. The bed in the east
room was quite big, and the three of them could squeeze together to make do
with it. It was cold on the mountain, but it was warm enough to squeeze
together at night.