85 Part

Chapter 85
It
was another warm sunny day, and many people gathered at the entrance of Qingxi
Village to bask in the sun, there were adults and children, and it was very
lively.
The mud whistle sounded, several children blew it with
all their strength, and compared each other to see who could blow the loudest.
Some of them their faces turned red, showing that they were holding their
breath.
There were two five years old boys each holding a tiger
doll, howling in their mouths, saying that their big tiger was the most
powerful. The two tiger dolls bumped their heads together, trying to defeat
each other.
the five years old girls and little Shuang'ers were
mostly quiet, they sat on the small stools, bricks or stones to play with each
other's braids or play with the flower ropes.
In the open space on the other side of the big tree,
several seven years old children were playing spinning tops, the small whips in
their hands were crackling, and the spinning tops were spinning on the ground.
For those who played well, their spinning tops would never
stopped, and even the adults who were watching from the side shouted, and some
men with itchy hands even took the small whips from the children's hands to
whip the spinning tops for a while.
The idle men here were squatting or standing, a few
people gathered together to chat and have fun. Under the trees and under the
wall over there, the old people were basking themselves and gossiping, and the
married women and fulangs sat together to do needlework, and each had their own
words.
There was nothing to do today, Lu Gu, Wei Lanxiang, Shen
Yan, and Ji Qiuyue went to the entrance of the village to join in the fun,
otherwise it would be boring to stay at home all day.
Fifteen years old was exactly the age for the girls or shuang'ers
to talk about marriage. Even though they were not married, they were no longer
a child. There were many men in this place, so it was not good for them to
wander around here.
Shen Yan was not too young, she had nothing to say to
the children at the entrance of the village, so she brought her embroidered bag
to find Caixia and the others.
A horse's head was pasted on the bamboo pole to make a
bamboo horse, and five boys rode on the bamboo horse and held twigs in their
hands as the swords, they were sweating from playing and shouting.
After the autumn harvest many people sold their
harvests for money. Winter was the time they could stay idle, and the well-off
families would send their nine years old children to private schools. At this
moment, Lu Gu was sitting next to Ji Qiuyue, he heard several women said that
their sons had gone to private schools and they could recognize several words
in a few pages of the book.
Shen Xuanqing and Boss Lu got up early to go to Fucheng
to handle the land deed, and it was estimated that they wouldn’t come back
until evening. When they were at home just now, Shen Yaoqing led the three of
them to recite the three character classic, and they didn’t come out until they
had finished writing.
They came to the entrance of the village to have fun,
while Shen Yaoqing took advantage of the warmth weather and pulled the cart to
the town to sell firewood, jujubes and winter bamboo shoots.
A bamboo dragonfly flew over, it hit Lu Gu's shoulder
and fell. He subconsciously picked it up, and then he saw a little girl who was
wearing a tiger hat came over. She looked like only three years old, her little
dark face was flushed, but it looked fleshy, and the eyes were black and big.
"Is it yours?" Lu Gu asked her in a low
voice.
The little girl was very shy, she just nodded and said
nothing, Lu Gu smiled and gave her the bamboo dragonfly.
The child took the bamboo dragonfly and ran away,
together with several other little girls and little shuang'ers, they rolled it
between their hands for a while and then they let go the bamboo dragonfly, the
bamboo dragonflies flew towards the sky.
Speaking of which, all the children could wear the
tiger head hat, and they wore it to keep themselves from the cold in winter,
but in the village the tiger head hat was mostly used by little boys, because the
villagers valued men more. Like this little girl who was obviously loved by her
mother, her clothes were patched like most children, but it was very clean,
unlike other children who played all day and got a lot of dust and dirt. The
tiger-head hat on her head was well made, even Ji Qiuyue told Lu Gu that it
looked good.
The sun warmed the world and drove away the winter
chill.
However, not everyone had the hustle and bustle in the
world. In the room of the Zhang family, Li Wanyun was still cooking in the
kitchen in thin clothes, her fingers were red and swollen, and her expression
was sluggish and gloomy.
Zhang Zhengzi’s first seven days had passed and Lao
Zhang still had a broken leg and couldn't go out. She was a woman and couldn't carry
her alone. At most, she called Quanzi’s mother to help her carry Lao Zhang out
to sit in the yard to bask in the sun.
The only son died, and Lao Zhang would be in a daze for
a long time without speaking, until she saw Li Wanyun, as if she had found someone
to vent her anger, she scolded her when she got angry, she looked a little
crazy than before.
From outside the kitchen, Lao Zhang's hurl abuse
gradually calmed down. She was old, and her body had lost her vitality due to
injuries, so she had to rest after cursing for a while.
Although Zhang Zhengzi didn't beat her anymore, Li
Wanyun's life was still difficult. Yesterday, Lao Zhang's natal family came to
see the old lady. Li Wanyun poured tea for them. Before she could say a word, Lao
Zhang began to cry, she said that she was not filial, first she killed Zhang
Zhengzi, and then refused to give her the old woman some food.
There was another commotion over this matter, and Lao
Zhang’s second sister in law from the Zhang family also came over. Since the
old lady was old and had lost her son, the blame fell entirely on her.
"Hiss."
Li Wanyun stopped chopping the vegetables, she was so
distracted, she didn't even know what she was thinking, there was a small cut on
her finger, and it was bleeding.
She put her injured finger into her mouth, her eyes were
gloomy and lifeless.
The days were muddled and there was no way to go forward. The
sun couldn’t illuminate the kitchen, so she shivered from the cold.