15 Part

Chapter 15
Not to mention 600 copper coins, when he was in Du Hehua's hands, Lu Gu had to be beaten for six copper coins.
Once he was ill with a cold, and it didn't heal after several days. Du Hehua found out, and beat and scolded him after he recovered from his illness.
Du Hehua was also ruthless, he didn't hit him in the face, he just pinched his thighs and arms, pointed the stick at his back and stomach, he didn't dare to say anything, and he didn't dare to show his injuries to others, otherwise he would be the same. If someone looked at his thighs and arms, his innocence would be gone.
Now that he spent more than 600 copper coins, Lu Gu tremblingly looked up at Shen Xuanqing's face.
Shen Xuanqing didn't have so many copper coins, so he took out a few pieces of silver from his bosom.
Seeing this, Wang Langzhong took the scales of the family, said that it was enough for 600 copper coins, so he paid in full.
Lu Gu took the medicine handed over by Grandma Wang in his hand, seeing that Shen Xuanqing's expression didn't change after he paid the money, and his anxious eyes became a little more stable.
He didn't hear that deep and steady voice until the two of them went out and walked from the trail towards Qingxi Village.
"As long as the injury was cured." Shen Xuanqing thought about it, and then said: "The money was  spent and then earned it back. If it drags on until it can't heal, it will really cost a lot of money."
Although there was  no relationship with Lu Gu, it was  possible to live together in the end. Yes, Shen Xuanqing didn't want him to be so frightened and cowering, he didn't dare to breathe, and if he didn't even dare to say a word, then if they went into the mountain, it would be no different from him being in the mountain alone.
Lu Gu was stunned for a moment, he thought that even if Shen Xuanqing didn't hit him, he would blame him, but what he heard were these kind words.
"I can work." He muttered, wanting to show his loyalty, but because his expression was too weak and timid, he didn't have any confidence at all.
Shen Xuanqing saw his hard work in the Shen family these days, and replied in a low voice: "Yes, I know."
After getting the answer, Lu Gu made up his mind to work hard. It cost 80 copper coins for the cloth, and the medicine today was  600 copper coins. His mother taught him to count money when she was still alive, but because he hadn’t touched anything related to money for a long time, he pondered for a long time in his heart. It was only then that he figured it out, it cost him 680 copper coins in total, and that was not including the food and drink at the Shen family.
680 copper coins was an amount he had never seen before when his mother was around, the more he thought about it, the more surprised and flustered he felt at such a large amount of money.
After walking out of Anjia Village, there was  another village two miles ahead. There was  a gentle slope to the left of the two of them. After going up the gentle slope and going down, you would arrive at the cemetery of Anjia Village, where Lu Gu 's mother's grave was  located.
His pace was obviously slow, and he glanced towards the cemetery . Today was fifteen, and he passed by here again, and he had to help with the work when he went back, so he may not be able to come out like this again.
After spending so much money and going to the cemetery to delay the journey, Lu Gu was afraid of being told that things were troublesome, so he couldn't lift up his confidence, and even directly lost his temper.
Shen Xuanqing, who was still walking by, noticed that his expression was getting weaker, so he frowned slightly and asked, "What's wrong?"
As soon as Lu Gu looked up, he saw him frowning slightly, as if displeased, and couldn't even make up a lie for a while. When it came out, he stuttered in fright and said the truth: "My mother, my mother's grave was  there."
Shen Xuanqing stopped and asked, "Want to go there?"
Seeing that he had no sign of anger, Lu Gu carefully said: "I want to go there. Go and have a look, it won't take much time, and I'll be back right away."
Shen Xuanqing didn't make things difficult for him, Lu Gu was very grateful, but he was stupid and couldn't speak nice words, he glanced at Shen Xuanqing, hesitant to speak, and then hurried to the cemetery.
When he walked down the gentle slope and couldn't see his figure anymore, Shen Xuanqing remembered that he didn't bring anything to the cemetery, but then he thought, what he said was to go and have a look, not to go to the grave.
They had only been together for a few days, they were not even familiar with each other, and Shen Xuanqing couldn't say more intimate words, so he suppressed the matter.
In front of the grave.
Lu Gu knelt down and put a handful of small wild fruits on the ground, which he picked from the thorn bushes at the bottom of the slope in a hurry when he came over.
Others burnt paper money when they went to the grave, but he didn't have a copper coin at other times except that Lu Daxiang would give him three copper coins to buy it during the Chinese New Year.
Now at Shen's house, he was  still penniless, he couldn't even get out a copper coin, and he couldn't buy paper money, so he put some wild fruits as sacrifices as before.
"Mother, I'm married." Lu Gu held back his tears and said in a low voice, saying that the person he married was  good, and now he could eat and dress warmly, and that person even bought him a baiyun cake, which he carried in his hand.
After finishing a few words, he didn't dare to delay any longer, kowtowed three times and left.
Shen Xuanqing was still waiting for him by the side of the road. Lu Gu wiped off the dirt on his body when he was going uphill, and wiped away his tears. Apart from a little red eyes, there was no other abnormality.