93

Chapter 93
The morning fog was misty, and Lu Gu was still asleep, when he heard the crackling of firecrackers outside, he opened his eyes and found that Shen Xuanqing was not on the bed.
It was still dark outside, they paid attention to opening the door and setting off firecrackers here, and soon he heard the sound of firecrackers from elsewhere.
After staying up for half the night, Lu Gu didn't hear the sound of Wei Lanxiang, Shen Yan and the others getting up, so he shrank back into the bed again.
The door was pushed open and closed, Shen Xuanqing came in with a chill all over, he said: "It's still early, lie down for a while, it's still dark."
"You haven't slept yet?" Lu Gu asked him and curled up under the quilt.
"No, I'll sleep again at night, I won't be sleepy." Shen Xuanqing said with a smile, there was no trace of fatigue on his face, and he was even quite energetic.
He stuffed the clothes on the chair into the quilt, and when Lu Gu got up, he could wear the warn clothes, he said, "I'll boil the water first, and you can get up after it boils."
Lu Gu looked at him close the door and leave, and then looked away. He woke up early in the morning and felt confused, and then he felt that Shen Xuanqing was different from other men. Whether it was in Anjia Village or Qingxi Village, few men went to the kitchen, and that was the work of the wife and fulang.
However, the Shen family seemed to be used to the two brothers boiling water in the morning, and never found it strange or detrimental to the man's face.
On the first day of the new year, it was either visiting relatives or entertaining guests at home. Lu Gue dawdled in bed for a while. Today, Shen Xuanqing's two (paternal) aunts and several aunts were coming.
Lu Gu got up and put on his new clothes and shoes. He was hanging a sachet on his waist when he saw Shen Xuanqing coming in.
"Why did you not hang it up?" He raised his head and asked, the embroidered purse and laozi he prepared for Shen Xuanqing were still on the chair.
"It was too dark when I got up early, I was afraid that I would lose  it outside when I went out, but it's okay to hang it now." Shen Xuanqing saw that he was wearing a new clothes very neatly, with a colorful embroidered sachet hanging on his waist, his hair hadn't been combed yet, and it was scattered behind his back, making the outline of his face became softer, making Shen Xuanqing looked at him stupidly.
Lu Gu was actually very good-looking, but he was too thin before, and he didn't run up and down the mountain in the past two months in winter, so he grew some flesh on his face.
He lowered his head and took the laozi and sachet on the chair, and he helped Shen Xuanqing hang them on his waist without seeing the expression on his face.
"If sister-in-law got up, let her help you comb your hair after washing, and put on the hairpin and silk flower." Shen Xuanqing looked down at his fulang who was standing in front of him helping him hang the sachet, with a bright smile.
"En." Lu Gu nodded, stepped back and looked at the ornaments on Shen Xuanqing's waist and the new clothes on his body, and finally raised his eyes. When his eyes met those star eyes, he couldn't help but also smiled.
The puppy whined a few times in the main room, Lu Gu went out with the wooden basin, tooth wood, and green salt, and the puppy rubbed against his legs a few times.
The puppy wasn't scared when the maleizis were set off last night, but Lu Gu was afraid that the firecrackers would explode scatteredly, so he put the puppy in the main room. The puppy was quite smart, maybe he knew the power of the firecrackers, so he obediently lay down on the sack, gnawed on the bones and didn't go out all night.
As soon as Lu Gu came out, he saw the cuju ball they played last night was still in the yard. The puppy hit it with his nose, and the cuju ball rolled far away. The puppy also ran wildly and made trouble with the cuju ball, now he knew how to play with cuju ball.
Freshening up and dressing up on the first day of the new year was ceremonious, and the more festive when you went out and met people, the better.
Ji Qiuyue had skillful hands. She  helped Lu Gu comb his hair and put a silver hairpin and two small goose-yellow silk flowers on his hair.
"It's beautiful, that's it, it's called elegance." She looked at it for a while, and felt very satisfied. Their family couldn't afford to wear bright colored, rich and honor flowers, but although such small silk flowers were a bit plain, they were the bright spot in the black hair. This kind of ornaments were also very beautiful, especially Lu Gu who was fair and good-looking, and there was no need to worry that it wouldn't look good.
Most of the jewelry was in the shape of flowers, luan and phoenix, and so on. A silver hairpin in the shape of grain was rare. Ji Qiuyue looked at it for a while and said: "This hairpin, Erqing really has a mind."
Lu Gu pursed his lips and smiled a little shyly.
Ji Qiuyue heard Shen Xuanqing talking outside, so she smiled and said, "Go out and show Erqing, I guess he can't wait."
When she said this, she just laughed straight, making Lu Gu so embarrassed that he blushed and lowered his head. Jin Qiuyue spoke again: "He told me once last night, he told me to get up early and help comb your hair, go out quickly."
Shen Xuanqing cleaned up the charcoal brazier from last night in the courtyard. When he looked up, he saw Lu Gu who was jokingly pushed out by Ji Qiuyue.
The shiny silver hairpin was inserted in the black hair, the carved silver grain tassels were unique and exquisite, the light yellow silk flowers in the hair were bright and pleasant, and Lu Gu, who was normally gray, suddenly glowed with a different color, which made him directly freeze in place.
When a young man of seventeen or eighteen years old reached the age of marrying a wife, he would inevitably take a closer look when he met a girl or a shuang'er with good looks. Shen Xuanqing used to do the same, but this was the first time he was stunned, without even reacting. He kept holding a charcoal brazier like a stupid piece of wood, even if you poked it, it would keep stunned like blockhead stump, except for the tall height, it lost even its soul.
Ji Qiuyue originally covered her mouth and sniggered, but she couldn't hold back when she looked at him like this, she laughed out loud, and it was not a big deal if she only watched the excitement, but she raised her voice and asked, "Is Guzi so handsome?"
Shen Xuanqing nodded subconsciously, his eyes were stuck and there was no way to move away from Lu Gu's face, his hands were limp, his legs were limp, and even his heart seemed to be frozen, unable to speak.
Before Ji Qiuyue could laugh at him for acting like a fool, Shen Yan suddenly clapped her hands and said, "Ah, Brother Erqing looks like a fool!"