45 Part

Chapter 45
During the autumn harvest
season, rice chaff could be seen everywhere in Qingxi Village. There were chaff
and rice bran on the ground outside the village. These chaff were not thrown
away. Every family swept it and saved them to feed chickens, ducks, cattle and
sheep. Poor people didn’t dare to throw it away, rice bran was something that
could satisfy hunger and satiety.
After getting up early and eating, Lu Gu chopped up a
large dustpan of grass, mixed it with chaff, and took it to the backyard to
feed the chickens and ducks. The pup followed him, because it would bite
chickens and ducks, Lu Gu had no choice but to ask Shen Yan to take it away and
play in the front yard.
Harvesting autumn rice was busy at home. Before going
down the mountain, Shen Xuanqing told him that he would stay at home for a half
months. He was worried about the chickens and ducks. When he went down the
mountain, he locked the chickens and ducks in a bamboo cage and pulled them
down with the cart. Now it was only half grown, no bigger than a hen, and it
could fit in a bamboo cage.
The hens were cooing and the ducks were quacking. They
were kept separately in two fence. After he poured the food for the chickens, he
poured it for the ducks. Finally he turned over the bamboo dustpan and patted
it on the back to remove the residue.
With an empty dustpan in one hand, he counted the
chickens and ducklings who were pecking at their food, and he was relieved when
he saw that none of them were missing, but he watched the limp chick in the
corner, why was there blood on its body?
Lu Gu became a little anxious, went in and caught the
chick, and found that it had wounds on the back of its neck and the base of its
wings, and its feathers were stained with blood.
What should he do? Did he want to get some medicine?
Thinking about it, he looked carefully at the other chickens and ducklings.
Fortunately, only this one was injured, so he hurriedly grabbed the chick and
went to the front yard.
Shen Xuanqing was entering the door with Shen Yaoqing,
they had just gone out to inquire about the price of new rice, and they
negotiated to bring some new rice to the town to sell in the next two days when
the price was good, when they looked up, they saw Lu Gu's anxious expression.
"What's the matter?" Shen Xuanqing's eyes
fell on the chicken in his hand, and he stepped forward to check the injury,
and finally said: "It's okay, it's just a small injury, it must have been
pecked by a big chicken, don't worry, get some medicine and it wil be allright."
Lu Gu also thought that it should be the big chicken
who bullied his little chicken, the big dog wouldn’t bite, and the puppy had
been in the front yard today, so it could only be the big chicken.
"Can I separate them?" Lu Gu asked in a low
voice, the chickens were not raised in one litter, so he thought it was better
to separate them.
Shen Xuanqing couldn't help it, and said: "Okay,
I'll go to set the fence. The old fence that I pulled out before hadn’t been
burned, so it's good to simply surround it. It doesn't need to be too much
trouble, and we will go up in a few days."
Shen Yan was sitting on the eaves, she was doing
needlework, and the puppy was biting the leg of the stool she was sitting on.
Hearing what they said, she interjected and said, "Brother Guzi, there are
medicine for bleeding on the hillside behind, and I will pick it for you.
Lu Gu nodded hastily, put the chicken in the bamboo
basket, and said, "I'll go with you."
When the two of them came back from picking the
medicine, Shen Yan smashed it with the stone to make a green medicine juice,
and Lu Gu carefully found a piece of rag, since when he put the medicine on,
the chick would shake and the medicine would fall off, so it was better to wrap
it around.
After the two of them finished, Shen Xuanqing also set
up a small fence in the backyard, drove the chickens and ducks into it, and
separated them from the big ones. Lu Gu put the injured one in as well.
He originally wanted to keep
the injured one alone in the front yard, but seeing the lively and sturdy
appearance of the pup that could only bite the leg of the stool, so he had no
choice but to give up.
Speaking of which, the cub was quite close to Lu Gu.
Once Shen Xuanqing left on the mountain, there were only the two of them left.
Compared to the chickens and ducks, the cub really looked like a child. He
followed Lu Gu wherever he went, with a pair of bright black eyes open. He
tilted his eyes and barked a few times, his small ears swayed with his head,
sometimes his fat little paws would step on his shoe uppers, and his fat and
round body, not to mention it was very cute.
When Lu Gu returned to the front yard, the pup who had
been yelled at by Dahui didn’t dare to go to Dahui again. It found a corner and
lay down, with its small head resting on its two front paws. His eyes looked pitiful
and aggrieved.
Seeing this, Lu Gu walked over, knelt down in front of
it, patted its head, and lightly squeezed one of its ears, and said, "If
you are a good boy, Dahui won't mad at you."
No one spoke to him in the mountains, sometimes the cub
was too naughty, he couldn't help but to hug it and say a few words, the cub
was not human, even if he didn't understand what he was talking about, he would
still wag his little tail and tilt his head to listen.
As Lu Gu said, he picked the pup from the ground,
turned his head and saw Shen Xuanqing coming out of the main room, and stood
there in a little embarrassed, thinking that no one would talk to a dog like him,
if he was heard, they would definitely laugh at him.
The pup was touched and hugged, and the grievance
disappeared. He barked twice in his arms, licked his fingers, played with him
and bit him a few times. It was tickle but it didn't hurt.
Shen Xuanqing did hear Lu Gu talking to the pup. Lu Gu
usually had a low voice, or he would lower his head and talk in such a low
voice, looking timid, and whispered to the pup, but Shen Xuanqing felt that it
seemed a little different, so he looked at Lu Gu subconsciously.
Compared to him, Lu Gu seemed to be more comfortable
with the puppy.
After noticing Lu Gu's embarrassment, Shen Xuanqing
narrowed his gaze, he thought for a while and said, "It's been so long
since we carried it back, so we should give it a name."
He didn't mention what happened just now, and didn't
laugh at him, letting Lu Gu quietly put back the raised heart, he thought for a
while and couldn't figure it out, so he said: "I don't understand this,
you give it."