84 Part

Chapter 84
Shen
Xuanqing hurried out, even Lu Gu could see his guilty conscience, let alone
Shen Yan.
She was the youngest in the family, and the two older
brothers treated her really well, but sometimes even Shen Yaoqing, who was over
twenty years old, would tease and make fun of her, and Shen Xuanqing was no
exception. She couldn't beat her two older brothers when her braids were
pulled, so she had to ask someone for help.
In the past, Ji Qiuyue could restrain Shen Yaoqing, and
now, someone finally could
restrain Shen
Xuanqing, her joy was obvious, she turned to Lu Gu and said: "Brother
Guzi, you can help me more in the future, the second brother is too annoying."
After Shen Xuanqing slipped out with a guilty
conscience, Lu Gu was actually a little dazed, and he nodded subconsciously
when he heard her words.
Seeing that he agreed, Shen Yan laughed a few times,
and she was even happier, thinking that Brother Erqing couldn’t bully her again
in the future.
Lu Gu didn't really understand about Shen Xuanqing's
reaction, and he didn't know how to help Shen Yan in the future. He had seen Ji
Qiuyue beat Shen Yaoqing before. Could it be that she wanted him to help her
like this?
Another piece of icicle was knocked off, and it fell
hard to the ground and shattered into several pieces. The puppy wanted to come
over, but fearing that he would be hit by the icicle, Lu Gu hurriedly chased him
away, forgetting what he was thinking just now.
When Shen Xuanqing came back from buying the meat, Wei
Lanxiang, Lu Gu and Shen Yan entered the kitchen.
One person made a bowl of hot meatball soup to eat
refreshingly, but there were many people in the family, and it must be cooked
in a large pot.
The meatballs that Wei Lanxiang made were the same
size, and she could make it very fast with her hands. Lu Gu had never done this
before, so he learned a few times. Because he wanted to stir-fry radish and steamed
buns, he made a few meatballs and went to cook the vegetables.
Shen Yan boiled water and added firewood, she also
learned from Wei Lanxiang by the way.
After the delicious meatballs were cooked, Lu Gu's
dishes and steamed buns were served.
There were ten meatballs in each person's bowl. The
minced meat was finely chopped, and the meatballs were very tender when you bit
it. The broth was fresh and delicious. Even without shallots or chopped green
leaves, it was delicious enough.
Wei Lanxiang drank the hot soup and felt comfortable
all over her body. Seeing that everyone in the family was eating deliciously,
she smiled and said: "
There's still some in the pot, so you
can scoop it more. I made a lot of it today, I'm sure we can't finish it in one
meal. Tomorrow I'll cut some radishes and put them in, it's good to eat. "
Shen Xuanqing bought a lot of meat, and the two brothers
had a big appetite for meat, so Wei Lanxiang cooked in a big pot, and she was
still willing to let her family to eat deliciously.
The hot soup, hot dishes, and hot steamed buns were
warm and made everyone happy to eat it on a winter evening.
The sky was clear, the ground was dried in the sun. Under
the wall in the shelter from the wind, Wei Lanxiang and Ji Qiuyue moved chairs
to bask in the sun, they made shoe soles and sewed clothes, there was always
work to do, and they couldn't be free.
After a while, Zhou Xiangjun brought Shen Yu over to
visit. The country women did needlework in winter, and they loved this kind of
sunny day the most. They could bask in the warmth of the sun and their hands were
not cold.
Usually
in this kind of good weather, there would be many women and fulangs in the
village gathering together to gossip and laugh. Wei Lanxiang also liked to go to
this kind of gathering in the previous years.
This
year, because Ji Qiuyue was pregnant, she didn't go there. There were too many
people from the village and there were children running around. It was the same
to bask at home with peace of mind.
Shen
Yuping's marriage hadn’t been discussed so far, so Zhou Xiangjun couldn't help
but sigh with few more words, and while he was talking, Quanzi’s Fulang also
came over to visit with his baby in his arms.
Lu
Gu wasn't often at home before, so he wasn't very familiar with Quanzi's fulang,
but Wei Lanxiang was different, when she saw the chubby baby
she
was overjoyed, she hugged and played with him for a while, even Ji Qiuyue liked
this baby very much.
Shen
Yan came over to tease the fat baby. When she saw that Lu Gu took the hoe, she
got up quickly and said, "Brother Guzi, I'm going too."
She
turned to Zhou Xiangjun and Quanzi’s fulang and said, "Third aunt, brother
Zhen, I'm going out first."
"Go,
be careful." Wei Lanxiang reminded her, she was at ease since Shen
Xuanqing also went with them, so she didn't care too much, and continued to
talk with Zhou Xiangjun.
Shen Xuanqing put the hoe in Lu Gu's hand into the
bamboo basket on his back. Today was a good day, and Shen Yaoqing also went up
the mountain to dig winter bamboo shoots with bambbo basket on his back. He
also brought a hatchet and hemp rope to chop some firewood. In a few days, they
had accumulated many firewood, and they used a cart to sell it in the town,
which was more or less an income, and firewood also sold well in winter.
The bamboo groves was far away, and all four dogs in
the family were brought with them.
Digging winter bamboo shoots was a laborious job, not easy.
Finding underground winter bamboo shoots required experience. Shen Yan was
young and rarely came to bamboo groves. Lu Gu had dug them before, even if he
was not as experienced as Shen Yaoqing, he looked for cracks and the bulging on
the ground to find the bamboo whip (
竹
鞭
) and followed the
bamboo whip to find the winter bamboo shoots, in the end he could dig up three
winter bamboo shoots.
The winter bamboo shoot was hidden in the ground, you had
to look for it carefully, and you had to grope it with your hands from time to
time, otherwise it would be bad if you continued to dig it with a hoe and broke
the bamboo whip or the winter bamboo shoots.
Shen Yan followed Shen Yaoqing to dig not far away. Lu
Gu put the three winter bamboo shoots into the bamboo basket, and pushed the
dug soil back with a hoe. Seeing that Shen Xuanqing dug the winter bamboo
shoots, he carried the bamboo basket over to help.
Seeing him coming, Shen Xuanqing didn't let him do it,
and said with a smile: "Go home and cook it with fried bacon, stewed chicken
with bamboo shoots is also delicious."