94 Part 26

The chubby old woman with a pair of gold bracelets on her wrists glanced at him, nodded and smiled. After tasting the tea, she took his hand and asked about his age and some homely words.
Shen Shuyun was older than Shen Shunde. She was the eldest sister of their generation, her temper was terrible and shrewish. Even Shen Shunde, who usually put on the airs of the eldest son, didn't dare to show off in front of her.
Shen Xuanqing's grandparents loved his youngest son Shen Shunwang the most, and she loved her fourth brother Shen Shunfu the most. There was no special reason, she only thought that the luck, knowledge, and experience of his younger brother were different from ordinary people. When Shen Shunfu had an accident, she did her best to send money and medicine, so Wei Lanxiang respected her very much.
On the way here just now, Wei Lanxiang and Shen Xuanqing both told her about Lu Gu. Now when she saw that Lu Gu was well-behaved and he looked like a good boy, so she felt relieved.
"Eldest sister, try this sugar cake. I boiled the syrup with tianwogen." Wei Lanxiang sat beside her and chatted with her.
Shen Shuyun was the eldest, and everyone could tell that she didn't like the first room very much. The second room and third room were well-behaved, and the smile on her face never stopped when she came here.
"Erqing, hurry up and take the maleizis for the others." Wei Lanxiang said again.
Shen Shuyun went back to her natal home once a year, mostly because she was dragged down by having a family to feed. She came back with her family, with several grandchildrens from her sons and daughters, and it was very lively, the grandchildrens would get closer to their uncles' family.
Shen Xuanqing went to pick maleizis, as long as the children had something to play with and something to eat, they were very happy, and the courtyard was full of children's laughter.
Wei Lanxiang added the tea and said, "I was in a hurry this morning, and I forgot to bring beef. Daqing bought it specially, and I'm waiting for you to come to eat."
Beef was more expensive than other meats, and she didn't bring it on purpose. After the relatives came, she brought it to the first room's house in front of them, so that they all knew that the beef was bought by her family and had nothing to do with the first room. Otherwise, with Zhou Yunzhi's shamelessness, she would definitely take credit for it.
Shen Shuyun heard that she could afford beef, so she said: "That's the way it is, the days will get better."
"That's it." Wei Lanxiang loved hearing such words the most, and her face was full of smile.
The second and third aunts all came on the first day of the new year, and there were a lot of people. It was the first time for Lu Gu to cook at the first room's house. Because he was not familiar with the place and people, he and Ji Qiuyue acted as supporting role in the kitchen. Today, Shen Xuanqing was outside, and it was his job to serve food and hot wine, he sat at the table with the relatives to eat and drink.
A lot of people came, and the weather was so warm today, so they set up four tables in the courtyard.
Lu Gu delivered the food to the men who were drinking at the table, he was a little cautious because he was not familiar with them, but fortunately Shen Xuanqing sat near the kitchen, and every time he came over, Shen Xuanqing would help him put the dishes, so he didn't have to talk to others.
Shen Xuanqing took the empty plate and handed it to him, he asked, "Are you hungry? Let mother leave some food for you."
"I'm not hungry, I just ate some dishes in the kitchen." Lu Gu smiled slightly, afraid of delaying the kitchen serving the dishes, so he left quickly, and the he heard how the relatives at the table made fun of Shen Xuanqing.
There were many people talking and making a racket in the yard, and the first day of the new year was full of noise and excitement.
Lu Gu was not familiar with these relatives, but just listening and watching from the sidelines made him feel happy.
And the next day, it was time for them to go to the relatives' houses.
When Lu Gu was washing his face early in the morning, he saw the broken palace lantern in the yard. Shen Xuanqing wiped his face and followed his gaze, he said with a smile: "It's okay, when I was young, I went to my eldest aunt's house and broke a lot of things in her house. If you want, I will take you to the town to buy something better than this one during the Lantern Festival. "
Lu Gu just felt that it was a pity because the palace lanterns were expensive, but he didn't really mean to blame others. Children played like this, and he also broke the lanterns bought by his mother when he was a child.
In the middle of the morning, they packed up. They packed candied fruit, pastries, bacon and dried fish. Ji Qiuyue and Shen Yaoqing went to Ji's house. Because they had cut off contact with the Lu family, and Lu Gu had no natal family to go back to, so Wei Lanxiang took him with her. The two of them went to Wei's house with Shen Yan.
Chinese New Year was like this, either visiting relatives or relatives' coming. From the first day to the fifteenth day of the new year, they were busy. Some old relatives and distant relatives didn't come here frequently, but you must also entertain them properly. Unlike Shen Xuanqing’s eldest uncle’s house, if Wei Lanxiang's relatives came, they definitely would prepare a good meal. So if Wei Lanxiang's family came one day, the other party's family would definitely prepare a good meal for them.
Their family's life was better now, when the poorer relatives came over, Wei Lanxiang didn't look down on them. They cooked fish and meat for them. Not to mention the adults, at least let the relatives' children eat more meat to satisfy their cravings, the children were pitiful after all.
The days passed like quickly.
Before the New Year's Eve, Lu Gu was nervous about the New Year's Eve, but when it came to the New Year's Eve, he felt it was nothing. Shen Xuanqing was always where he could see him, and he felt at ease.
The day before the Lantern Festival, Wangli Village set up an opera stage at the entrance of the village, it was Landlord Li who had invited an opera troupe to sing.
Wangli Village was a little far away from their village, but many people in the village called their friends and made an appointment to watch a big show together tomorrow.