52 Part

Chapter 52
Some
time ago, they were busy with the autumn harvest, and they were too tired to
care about other things every day. He hadn’t shared a bed with Lu Gu for more than
twenty days. In addition, he was indeed young, and felt restless when he hugged
his fulang.
Lu Gu was the most patient and didn't say much, but
Shen Xuanqing became more and more reckless, causing him to almost bump into
the head of the bed. Although he suppressed it all the time, under the pain, he
finally couldn't hold back his soft hissing and panting slightly, The sound
from the throat was soft, obviously trembling from pain.
In the dark, Shen Xuanqing's ears were more alert than
ordinary people, how could he didn’t hear it.
The night was hazy, and the slight movements on the bed
froze all of a sudden. Shen Xuanqing stopped and didn't make any movements for
a while, he was so stiff that he couldn't even speak.
Before getting married, he had read the picture books,
and he had also heard some relevant remarks from men of the same age in the
village, saying that after the consummation of the house, he would gradually feel
some joy.
Shen Xuanqing didn't speak dirty words, but sometimes
he heard other men's commented about the house. The young people in the nearby
villages knew each other and bragging to others.
Such gossip and rumors spread in private, so even he had
heard it. Many men felt that they were capable if they had fun together or even
made the person next to the bed missed them.
He also felt pain when they shared the same bed for the
first time, but then it got better, and he thought that Lu Gu was the same as
him, so he got a lot of fun out of it.
He never told anyone about this, but he made his fulang
happy, so he felt that he had the ability.
However, the voice he heard just now let him know that
Lu Gu had been enduring all this time, without any joy, even pain.
The young man who was full of vigor never thought of
this encounter, he was hit all of a sudden, and he froze and remained
motionless.
After the pain passed, Lu Gu suddenly noticed Shen
Xuanqing's stiffness. Thinking back, it was because he made a sound, and
immediately thought that he had done something wrong. He shouldn't have made a
sound. He was trembling all over.
The night became quiet and oppressive, Shen Xuanqing
didn't move for a while, Lu Gu was about to cry from fright, tears welled up in
his eyes, finally he had no choice but to bite his lower lip, enduring the
extreme shame, and moved under Shen Xuanqing, actively stick to him.
Lu Gu was no longer in the ignorant state where he
didn't understand anything in the past, but it was not always true to say that
he understood everything very well. He only knew that according to the past, it
was not time to stop now, and he was afraid that he would annoy Shen Xuanqing by
doing something wrong. He tried his best to bring things back to the same way as
those nights before.
Fulang took the initiative to post it. It was really
warm and fragrant soft jade. Shen Xuanqing, who was in a stagnant state, was
embarrassed and angry. He got impatient, and probed slowly.
Needless to say the subsequent suffering and torture,
Shen Xuanqing, who had always been confident, had to say that he was depressed
all night and almost didn't fall asleep.
Early the next morning.
Lu Gu opened his eyes and looked at the roof. Shen Xuanqing
was lying beside him, and the two of them were not hugging each other.
He still remembered what happened last night, so he was
a little afraid to make a sound, but the sunlight came in through the cracks of
the window, and the sun was out. If he laid down again, he wouldn’t be able to
do anything today. He sat up carefully, and wanted to go down to boil water and
cook after he was dressed.
You have to cook scramble eggs, Shen Xuanqing liked to
eat this, maybe he wouldn't be angry after eating it, Lu Gu couldn't think of
any other way.
Shen Xuanqing slept on the outside, he was tall,
completely blocking his way out of bed, if he wanted to get out of bed he had
to turn over Shen Xuanqing, but how dared he did this.
Fortunately, Shen Xuanqing also woke up and sat up. He
took off his underwear at night. He stretched out his arms to reach the clothes
thrown at the foot of the bed with his bare upper body. His slender and strong
figure was exposed, making Lu Gu lowered his head and didn’t dare to look at
it.
"You rest, I'm going to boil the water." Shen
Xuanqing got out of bed after getting dressed, and asked again after standing
beside the bed: "What do you want to eat? Hot steamed buns or
pancakes?"
Lu Gu who had moved to the bed and was about to put on
his shoes, looked up at him, seeing that his expression was gloomy and his
usual smile was no longer there, he panicked with fright, his throat tightened,
and he whispered repeatedly: "I'll go, I'll go."
Shen Xuanqing pinched the center of his brows, put down
his hands and pressed Lu Gu's shoulders, letting him sit back on the bed, with
a look of helplessness, he pursed his lips before saying: "You, you are in
pain, you should rest and recuperate, I'll go."
After
that, he rubbed Lu Gu's untied hair, smiled lightly to show comfort, and then
went to boil the water.
Lu Gu sat on the edge of the bed in a daze for a
moment, then frowned slightly, worried and aggrieved, not knowing what to do.
He knew that Shen Xuanqing was good to him. He had been
working for a long time at night several times before, and Shen Xuanqing
wouldn't let him work the next day, but this time it was different, Shen
Xuanqing didn't smile when he got up.
If
he wanted to ask, he felt ashamed and didn't dare to ask such a thing in front
of a man. He was worried and had no choice, so he finally stood up and folded
the quilt first.
After a day for rest, Shen Xuanqing went out to hunt the
foxes again.
Lu Gu watched him walked away with the three dogs at
the door, and then called the puppy back to the yard.
Thinking of the embarrassment of yesterday, even though
he was still thinking about Shen Xuanqing not coming back at night, Lu Gu still
let out a sigh of relief. He actually didn't know what happened to Shen
Xuanqing, but he looked at Shen Xuanqing's gloomy expression, he didn’t dare to
gasp loudly.
And the night before yesterday, he shamelessly
approached Shen Xuanqing, and every time he thought about it, he felt unable to
lift his head, how could he do such a thing. Therefore, both of them were
embarrassed for a day, and the atmosphere was not as harmonious as before.