90 Part 11

When
they came back, Lu Gu and Wei Lanxiang started to clean up the pork. They
didn't throw away the pig skin. After cleaning it, cut it into thin strips and
washed it together with the pig skin saved from eating the pork before, and they
would cook it in the afternoon.
The crystal meat was cool and refreshing in the mouth,
and the pigskin seemed to be frozen in ice, it was also known as skin jelly (
皮
冻
).
They cooked mutton and stewed red braised pork. Chinese
prickly ash and old wine could remove the fishy smell, and added the orange
peel that they were not willing to throw away and dried it before.
When
it was almost noon, the smell of meat overflowed, and the greedy Shen Yan stood
by the clay stove and swallowed her saliva, she kept looking at the gurgling
braised pork until it was soft, and then went into the kitchen to look at the
mutton in the pot.
Even the puppy whimpered when he smelled the cooked
meat, and even drooled. He kept pawing at Lugu's pants, while sobbing full of
anxiety.
The cooked meat was so fragrant, Lu Gu threw meaty
bones for him and the big dog, but it was not tasty. After a few bites, he went
to see the stewed meat in the youzhong laddle .
Not to mention the puppy, even Lu Gu thought it was too
fragrant when he smelled it, so he swallowed quietly, but it was not the time
yet, so he could only lower his head to peel peanuts. On New Year's Eve, when
eating and drinking at night, you had to eat fried peanuts, and all the pealed
peanuts before were used for five beans and Laba festival.
He thought that no one saw it, but Shen Xuanqing, who
was sitting next to him and helping him peel the peanuts, suddenly smiled and
asked: "Do you want to eat it?"
Lu Gu's ears were red, he hesitated and couldn't speak,
so he could only work hard to cover his embarrassment.
Shen Xuanqing laughed lightly, and squeezed Lu Gu's
palm to comfort him after laughing.
There was a lot of stewed pork and mutton. They could eat
them for two meals. They didn’t need to do anything else for dinner, just heated
them.
After the meal, the meat in the soup bowl was cold.
Shen Xuanqing went into the kitchen and threw a few pieces of cooked meat into
the food bowls of the four dogs behind Wei Lanxiang’s back. Fortunately, the
braised pork and the mutton had no bones, they were well cooked and soft,
otherwise they would get choked if they ate in such a hurry.
In the afternoon, Lu Gu boiled the pork skin in a big
pot. He only added dried pepper leaves and a little dried chili, wrapped it in
a cloth and put it in the pot.
After
a while Shen Xuanqing came in, and before he could speak, he heard a sudden
noise from outside. Because it was so close, they could hear that it was Li
Wanyun's voice. The two looked at each other and walked out, Wei Lanxiang and
the others followed.
It
was okay when they didn’t saw it, but when they saw it, they were shocked. Li
Wanyun was holding the knife on her neck, and Lao Zhang, who was slumped on the
ground in a mess was also holding scissors in her hand, and she pointed the tip
of the scissors tremblingly at her neck.
"You
bullied my mother in law and I, who are weak and can’t call the shots. You came
to rob our meat and dishes I bought! What do you want?
In
normal times, I respect you as an elder and call you uncle and aunt, today is a
good day, but uncle and aunt came here to smash the pots and bowls and prevent us
from celebrating the Chinese New Year, you are wicked! Someday, you will get the
wrath of Heaven and get struck by the God of Thunder! "
Li
Wanyun’s hair was disheveled, her face was still injured, and there was a piece
of meat covered in black mud on the ground behind her, obviously it was from the
scuffle before.
Zhang
Gui, a relative from another village, saw her buying meat at Meng Dayue's place
in the morning, so he came over with a bad idea, wanting to take the meat back
to his house to eat.
When Zhang Gui’s wife heard Li Wanyun scolding them, she
immediately got angry, she stared back and cursed: "Fart! You dare to talk
to me like this, see if I don't beat you to death!"
Li
Wanyun sneered and said angrily: "Okay! You don’t need to do anything, let
me tell you, both of us will die in front of this gate today, our blood will dry
and our flesh will rotted. We can die in front of this gate without going
anywhere, if you want my house and my land, just come and get it! "
She turned her head and said fiercely to Lao Zhang:
"You also will die. If we die together, we won't have to suffer this kind
of crime of being bullied in this world, so that these heartless murderers will
be reincarnated as bastards in the future!"
Lao Zhang was dragged out of the room by Li Wanyun,
even Li Wanyun herself didn't know where the strength came from.
She had lost her mind recently, but when she heard that
others were going to rob her house, and even the meat she just bought fell on
the ground, her eyes widened immediately. When the neighbors around her were
watching, she burst into tears and howled, saying that she couldn't live
anymore, and her old mother with old bones was about to be forced to death.
"Remember, it's you, the good relatives who forced
us to die. We will see you later in the palace hall of Yama!"
[
阎罗
Yán luó: Yama, King of
Hell; translation of Sanskrit: Yama Raja]
Li Wanyun hated them so much, the kitchen knife sliced
the flesh around her neck, and the bright red blood oozed out. The neighbors
were so frightened that they hurriedly rushed over to save her, and even Wei
Lanxiang rushed over and snatched the kitchen knife from her hand.
"Zhang Gui! Are you trying to kill someone?"
Someone asked angrily.
Lin Zhongcai rushed over and got out of breath, and
after hearing this, he was furious, and together with the ten men from the
village, directly drove Zhang Gui and his wife out of Qingxi Village.