81 Part 15

Lin Zhongcai nodded, and Zhang Zhengzi's mother said
that he was indeed going out to drink, so the matter became clear, and even Lao
Zhang was speechless when she smelled his urine.
He walked over to take a look at Zhang Zhengzi on the
bed. He found that his breath was extremely weak, and there were bloodstains
spreading on the pillow, which flowed quite quickly, and he was shocked.
"Hurry up and get some medicine to stop the
bleeding!" Lin Zhongcai withdrew his hand and said immediately.
Seeing that his expression was not right, Lao Zhang
started to cry for a moment, she patted her left leg while crying and cursing.
Lin Zhongcai was disturbed by her cry, and he stopped
and said: "Shut up!"
"There is no medicine at home." Li Wanyun was
at a loss, her eyes were dull.
Shen Xuanqing didn't want to take care of the Zhang
family's affairs at first, but when he saw the back of Zhang Zhengzi's head
bleeding, he looked better just now when he was carried in, but now he looked
even paler, so he said: "I have a small thistle root (
小
蓟根
),
I'll go get it. "
Jinchuang medicine (
金
创药
)
was the best to stop bleeding, but it was expensive. Ordinary people didn't
have spare money to buy it. Shen Xuanqing thought about buying some when he had
money. Going to the mountains to hunt was dangerous, but because he went down
the mountain in the winter, he couldn't use Jinchuang medicine at home, he
thought wait for spring to buy it.
At this time, Quanzi's father called Zhang Musheng's
family over, and soon there were too many people came. They were all asking,
and the room became chaotic, and Lao Zhang was still crying for a while and
wailing because of the pain in her leg.
Wei Lanxiang and Lin Zhongcai said that they went back
with Shen Yaoqing first, they were just outsiders, at most they could give some
medicinal materials, but they couldn't help with anything else.
Small thistle root was good to stop bleeding, and it was
good at least they could do something right now. The chaos in the Zhang family
had nothing to do with him. Shen Xuanqing didn’t stay long, he gave the
medicine and left.
Early the next morning, the news about Zhang Zhengzi's
family spread in the village.
The snow stopped, and Lu Gu was cooking in the kitchen
around noon. Their house was only three houses away from the Zhang family, so
he could hear the movement from there, with many people coming in and out.
Last night, Shen Xuanqing told him that Zhang Zhengzi
was drunk, he stepped on the urine and slipped, fell and hit his head.
Lu
Gu was stunned, Shen Xuanqing told him that all kinds of strange things happened
to people who were drunk. Some people lay down to sleep after drinking, died of
drunkenness with something in their stomach, and some choked to death when they
couldn't spit it out.
After listening to what Shen Xuanqing said, Lu Gu thought
it was really not a good thing to get drunk.
"Brother Guzi, here you go." Shen Yan came in
and handed him two red dates, then sat down in front of the stove and lit the
fire.
Dried dates were sweet, and Lu Gu cut the cabbage while
eating it. There were few vegetables in winter, so you couldn’t eat this
everyday. Once it was fried and stewed with tofu, sometimes it was stewed with
some meat.
Shen Yan added some firewood to the stove, she looked
outside and said, "The sun is out, Brother Guzi, if it clears tomorrow, can
we make steamed buns and eat them?"
She
craved steamed buns all day long.
Lu Gu turned his head and said: "That's fine,
there are not many steamed buns left, make some more dough for
tomorrow, we will eat
steamed stuffed buns
and
steamed buns
together."
Shen Xuanqing brushed off the snow from the trees in
front of and behind the house outside the courtyard, to avoid breaking the
branches, especially the persimmon tree, when he came back and heard them
talking about steamed buns, he suggested: "There are two catties of meat,
which have been stored for three days, why not cut it into large slices and
make steaming bowls (
蒸
碗
), put some
fried tofu in them. If you want to eat hot meat, you can just heat it up, and
if you want to eat fresh meat, go buy more."
Ji Qiuyue sat in the main room and made a net, and
laughed when she heard his words: "This is good, steamed meat was soft and
delicious, and it can be sandwiched in steamed buns. If you feel it’s greasy, add
some chili oil, and sour cowpea."
"Okay, let's steam them together tomorrow."
Lu Gu smiled slightly.
While they were talking, Wei Lanxiang came back.
Everyone went to the Zhang family, so she had to go and see if something
happened to Zhang's family. Lao Zhang usually had a bad mouth and was stingy many
things, but at least he was close to the dozen or so families behind the
village.
There
was a relationship, but
they were
reluctant to part with eggs and meat. After all, Lao Zhang had never given it to
others, and no one else needed to bring it to her, but no matter what, you had
to scoop some rice flour over, and it was enough to give something.
"Mother, how's it going?" Shen Xuanqing
asked.
Wei Lanxiang sighed, and said, "Zhengzi hasn't
woken up, and he can't even drink the medicine. Langzhong didn't say anything,
but..."
She shut up when she said this. If someone heard her,
it would mean that she was not saying good things behind someone else’s back
and cursing Zhang Zhengzi to death.
Seeing Ji Qiuyue making a net, she walked over and
said, "Don't go out these few days, there are so many people outside, what
should you do if you bump into each other."
"Understood, mother." Ji Qiuyue replied.
Lu Gu's chopping hands slowed down, he understood Wei
Lanxiang's meaning, Zhang Zhengzi's ferocious appearance of beating Li Wanyun
yesterday was still lingering in his mind, but now he was lying on the bed all
night and couldn't even drink the medicine.
In case...
What should Li Wanyun do at that time, but his worries
were quickly interrupted.
"Brother Guzi, let's also make some stuffed machicai.
I will soak some in a wooden basin at night, otherwise it will only become cabbage
buns." Shen Yan was still thinking about her buns.
It was not that she was heartless, Zhang Zhengzi always
beat people, she had seen it several times, Shen Yaoqing said that a man who
beat his wife or fulang to vent his anger was not a man.
She
didn't like him, Lao Zhang also scolded his daughter-in-law all day long, she
also didn't like her , she usually far away from the Zhang family, she wouldn’t
come forward, and now something happened, she didn't want to pay more attention
to it, their family had just had a good life, beside, she didn't understand
those things.
"Okay." Lu Gu agreed, cutting the vegetables
a little faster, there were so many machicai for the family to eat, and the
buns with it were also delicious.