99 Part 16

In the end, there were some not-so-good shepherd's purses left at the bottom of the bamboo basket, so Lu Gu shouted that the price was only two copper coins. When an old woman heard it, she wanted to buy a catty.
When Lu Gu saw that the old woman opened her handkerchief tremblingly, and there were only a dozen copper coins inside, he gave all the shepherd's purses at the bottom of the basket to the old woman, and said that he would only charge two copper coins.
"How can you do that? Take it, take it." The old woman was poor but she was reasonable, so she gave Lu Gu four copper coins.
Because not all the wild vegetables were dug by him, but also by Wei Lanxiang and Shen Yan, Lu Gu didn't dare to give them to others for free, so he only took two copper coins from the old woman's hand, and said in low voice: "This one is not good, it was placed on the bottom, so two copper coins are enough."
After he finished speaking, he picked up the empty bamboo basket and went to look for Shen Xuanqing. The old woman behind sighed and carefully wrapped the money in a handkerchief. She said to herself that she had met a good young man, and then went home with the wild vegetables.
In the depths of the alley, Shen Xuanqing was unloading the firewood. This family had bought half of the remaining firewood, it was a big customer. Naturally, he would help to move the firewood in. If he wanted to sell firewood in the future, he could come to this family again and ask, at least it was a familiar face.
He was tall and big, and he could carry a lot of firewood. He and the son of this family moved all the firewood in quickly.
Lu Gu came over and saw some women and fulangs were chatting in front of several houses, so he put the empty bamboo basket on the cart. After that he carried the bamboo basket over to talk, and lifted the cloth to reveal the contents inside.
"Handkerchiefs are cheap, three copper coins a piece." He didn't speak loudly, but because the things inside the bamboo basket had bright colors, even those who didn't want to buy them gathered around to look at them.
He often came to the town to sell things, and when he was talking to people, he would definitely encounter impatient eyes. Lu Gu used to be timid and afraid, but after meeting a lot of people, even if people ignored him when he struck up a conversation, he wouldn't feel embarrassed anymore, he only needed to change to another one.
"How do you sell this sachet?" A slim faced Fulang asked him.
"Forty copper coins for the sachet, five copper coins for the laozi, and 10 copper coins for the colored big laozi like this." Lu Gu said the price one by one.
"So expensive?" The slim faced fulang pretended to be surprised, as if he had never seen such a high price.
Lu Gu had seen a lot of customers like him, so he said with a slight frown, "It's not expensive, it contains medicinal herbs and spices, and those with fragrance are indeed expensive."
"How about thirty copper coins?" said the slim faced fulang, and the woman next to him also chimed in.
Lu Gu had never sold fragrant sachets with medicinal herbs before, but his mother often sold it when she was still around. So he knew the price, his embroiders was good and not rough at all, not to mention there were still medicinal herbs and a bit of spices in it, forty copper coins was really not expensive.
Lu Gu shook his head and said: "Thirty copper coins is not enough. My stuff is good, there are many embroidery flowers, and the thread to embroider costs money. Forty copper coins is already considered cheap. "
The slim faced fulang picked up a sachet and looked at it again and again, but he still couldn't stop to bargain.
"Then if you want to buy two, I'll sell it thirty five copper coins for one sachet." Actually Lu Gu was not reconciled to sell his sachets for thirty-five copper coins, because he made every one of them seriously, so he couldn't sell them too low.
"Thirty copper coins, we will buy two." The slim faced fulang held on to the sachet, and while he was talking he took the money out of his pocket, trying to buy and sell by force.
The three people beside him also chimed in, saying that thirty copper coins was enough. The sachet was only so big, and the scent would disappear after a few days, thirty copper coins was considered a good price, otherwise anyone would be taken advantage of.
They talked too much, and Lu Gu couldn't say anything, his heart was full of grievances, he said: "You give me the sachet, I won't sell it."
"I'll just give you thirty copper coins." The slim faced fulang took out the copper coins while holding the sachet tightly in his hand.
Lu Gu was very anxious, he didn't want to sell his sachet to this person, so he said anxiously: "It's agreed before that the price is thirty copper coins if you buy two sachet, you only buy one, I won't sell it to you."
"One and two are the same." The slim faced fulang counted thirty copper coins.
Lu Gu was alone, and he couldn't quarrel with others at all. Shen Xuanqing came out from the other house, he frowned when he saw it, so he strode forward and said: "My fulang doesn't want to sell it, how can you forcefully buy it at a low price? "
A man who was a head taller than ordinary men stood here, with a cold face and fierce look, it was enough to make people feel intimidated.
These women and fulangs were used to tease and plester people, but when such a tall and strong man suddenly appeared in front of them, they couldn't help muttering in their hearts, and their momentum suddenly weakened.
Lu Gu's heart was full of his sachet, and when he saw the slim faced fulang froze in place, he directly pulled the sachet back from the opponent's hand. As for the thirty copper coins, he didn't even look at it.
In fact, if the other party could negotiate nicely, it would be cheaper for him to buy two as they agreed before, but these people's words were too harsh, they still said that he took others as a fool and slaughtered them.
"Let's go and find Brother Daqing." Shen Xuanqing said.
"Yeah." Lu Gu nodded sullenly, and followed closely, he felt unspeakable grievance in his heart.
The cart creaked and creaked out of the alley, Lu Gu walked with his head down, and his left hand was suddenly grabbed.
"We won't come here in the future. They are not good people, and we won't sell anything to them. There are a lot of customers in the town, and these people are not bad." Shen Xuanqing squeezed Lu Gu's hand.
It might be too much to say anger against a common enemy, but it was great to have someone standing in the same place with him, who wouldn't let him restrain himself, and wouldn't say anything like it just a trivial matter so don't take it to heart.
[同仇敌忾 tóng chóu dí kài: anger against a common enemy (idiom); joined in opposition to the same adversary]
For the person who was being wronged, it couldn't be a trivial matter, and he might forget it later, but he still felt uncomfortable right now, so how could it be so easy to be comforted.
Lu Gu didn't understand these things, but now his grievance turned into dependence on Shen Xuanqing. He held Shen Xuanqing's hand once in a while. His nose was a little sore, but he still nodded solemnly: "Well, I won't sell anything to them."