86 Part 76

Some people in the village would sit on the threshold
when they had nothing to do, chatting with their neighbors and passers-by.
Because Lu Gu was a young fulang, he rarely sat in the threshold because he was
thin-skinned.
He came out to wash the pot and saw a lot of dogs
coming, Da Hui and the puppy were also among them. The puppy wagged his tail
and wanted to play, but he didn't take it to heart, and was about to go back
with the pot in his hand, when suddenly a dog provoked Dahui, barking viciously
and rushing over, biting and fighting.
The tibetan mastiff was bigger than other dogs in the
village, and Dahui had hunting and biting skills. He used to fight with dogs in
the village and became the leading dog, but because he was often in the mountain,
sometimes one or two big dogs would fight with him when he ame back
for
the position of the leading dog.
Once the dogs started barking and biting, they all
bared their teeth, even the puppy.
The movement was too sudden, Lu Gu was very close to
them, and a group of dogs started fighting. When a group of dogs fought, sometimes
strong men didn't dare to get close, and it was easy to accidentally injure
people.
Shen Xuanqing was at the side, seeing that the
situation was not right, he strode over and quickly protected and brought Lu Gu
into the house.
Two thin dogs barked on the hillside and the
long-legged dogs ran back and helped Dahui bite the other dogs together with
the puppy.
The dogs would also form gangs, even if they bit each
other into a ball, it was difficult for people to distinguish, but the dogs knew
which one to bite.
The fight was very loud, and Lu Gu was worried about
the puppy, even though he was stronger than ordinary dogs.
Shen Xuanqing wasn't too worried, he didn't come
forward to help drive the other dogs away, he had to go on his own to fight for
the position of the leader, and the help of others was not counted.
Many idlers in the village heard the commotion, and
they all stood at the door to watch, and some who liked to watch the excitement
came over to take a closer look.
Lu Gu hid behind Shen Xuanqing and only poked his head
out, he tugged Shen Xuanqing’s clothes with one hand, and asked, "What
about Guaizi?"
"He
will be fine." Shen Xuanqing didn't turn his head but kept watching the
puppy.
The puppy was clever, relying on his size to bite the other
dogs. If a dog bigger than him came to bite him, he would dodge very quickly
and very skillfully. He didn't suffer much because of his thick fur. Besides,
there were three big dogs in the village who belonged to the same group as Dahui.
The dogs that had seen blood were more ferocious. In
order to prevent Dahei from fighting and biting too hard, Shen Xuanqing took
the wooden stick behind the door and held it in his hand, not only Dahei, sometimes
the dogs would bit and wouldn't let go. It was not easy for the villagers to
raise a dog, and it couldn't be killed in a fight.
Of course, the most important thing was to prevent his
dogs from being bitten, so that he could
take action in time.
Soon, Dahui pressed the provocative dog under his body,
and the dog broke free two or three times, but the tail was obviously tucked,
and Dahui bared his teeth again, showing a fierce look, and the dog ran away
with the other dogs.
This was the first time Lu Gu saw Dahui’s ferocious
look, and he was startled, but when Dahui turned around and walked home, he
regained his composure, and even rubbed against him and Shen Xuanqing’s leg
when he passed by.
The puppy was very proud because they won the battle, he
held his head up and barked a few times, and even ran over to whine at Lu Gu,
as if to show off.
"Don't pay attention to him, if you care for him
after he fights, he will think that you give him encouragement, and when he
meets another dog in the village, he will go and bite the dog." Shen
Xuanqing stopped Lu Gu.
Although the dogs in the village were free, there were
some incidents where one or two dogs were killed in a fight before. Their family’s
dogs were all hunting dog and they had no grudges against the villagers. But they
couldn't let the puppy get used to fight, or when their dogs killed or maimed another
dogs, the owner of the dogs would come to the door to ask for explanation.
Some idlers would intentionally provoke the dog to bite
them, he was not used to it, the dog would suffer if it was injured, besides,
the dog he raised was going to go hunting in the mountains, and it was not easy
to hunt when the dog was injured, especially the dog with long and slender legs
was easy to get injured, let alone become lame.
Lu Gu had no idea about raising the dogs, but he
listened to Shen Xuanqing and ignored the puppy's request for credit.
He put the pot in the kitchen, and as soon as he came
out, he saw Li Wanyun stood outside the door with a shrunken expression on her
face.
"Guzi, is aunt Lanxiang here?" When she saw
someone came out, Li Wanyun dared to enter the door. Just now she saw the dogs fought
and was too frightened to go out. She stood up at the door and saw Da Hui lay
down in the yard while panting, she didn't dare to go in and out at will
"Mother." Lu Gu shouted towards the main
room, then he hurried over to stop the family's dogs that wanted to
surround her.
Li Wanyun felt relieved after he came over.
"Wanyun." Wei Lanxiang came out of the room
and asked her what's the matter.
Li Wanyun held a bowl of mixed flour in her hand, she
was embarrassed, she wanted to smile but her smile was unsightly, she said in a
low voice: "My mother said she wants to eat salted duck eggs, I, I want to
exchange one with aunt."
Compared a bowl of mixed flour with duck
eggs, the mixed flour was worthless, especially when it was compared to the
salted duck egg, which was pickled with salt, but she really could 't help it.
Wei Lanxiang saw that she was still dressed thinly, her
face was ashen, and she could even see lifelessness, even though she felt a bit
at a disadvantage, she still took her bowl of mixed flour with a sigh.
If others wanted to take advantage of her like this,
Wei Lanxiang wouldn’t agree, but Li Wanyun was obviously embarrassed, she was a
poor woman, so it didn’t matter for her.
When Li Wanyun was waiting for Wei Lanxiang to get the
duck eggs, she lowered her head and saw the silver bracelet on Lu Gu's hand.
Before, she went out and wanted to come
over, but she saw some dogs fought, and before she came back home, she saw the
scene where Shen Xuanqing ran to protect Lu Gu. She was a little envious in her
heart, but she knew that she didn't have such a blessing.