72 Part 24

The firewood at the bottom of the stove crackled
softly, and it was burning blazingly. Shen Xuanqing noticed that there were a
few scratches on the fingers of the back of Lu Gu's thin hands, and some scabs
had formed on the slight wounds that ooze a little blood from the scratches.
Country people often worked, and their hands were seldom
delicate, Lu Gu was fair, but apart from his hands, his face was fairer than
ordinary people, not to mention the parts of his body where couldn’t be seen by
the sun.
There was no one else in the kitchen, it was dark, and
it was so cold, the rest of the Shen family were all in their rooms, no one
disturbed them.
Shen Xuanqing couldn't hold it back, and raised his hand
to grab Lu Gu's hand. At first, he held it tightly, but then he gradually
became presumptuous, from pinching the palm of her hand to play with her fingers.
Even he himself couldn't understand it, it was just a
hand, everyone had it, but he just couldn't let it go.
Lu Gu lowered his head and didn't dare to speak, the
orange fire was shining brightly, his blushing face couldn't tell whether it
was from embarrassment or heat.
It wasn't long before white steam came out from the
pot, and it didn't take long before she heard Shen Yan shouting from the main
room: "Brother Guzi, is the water boiling?"
There
were footsteps outside, and she came towards the kitchen while shouting.
Shen Xuanqing woke up like a dream, and Lu Gu was even
more panicked. He withdrew his hand all of a sudden, and shouted in a trembling
voice: "It's boiling."
Seeing Lu Gu's shy eyelashes trembling slightly, he
touched his fulang’s hand in the kitchen. Shen Xuanqing was also a little
embarrassed, but there was a smile on his face.
Shen Yan brought two Tang Pozi over, one was for Ji
Qiuyue, first she filled tang pozi with hot water and stuffed it into the
quilt, and the quilt would be warm.
"I'll get it." Shen Xuanqing got up and said.
"Yeah." Lu Gu nodded, and helped Shen Yan to
fill Tang Pozi first.
As the night darkened, the entire Qingxi Village became
completely quiet, and occasionally a few dogs could be heard barking.
After being hugged by Shen Xuanqing, Lu Gu closed his
eyes and wanted to sleep, but suddenly, a big hand groped and covered his eyes.
He subconsciously wanted to open his eyes, but he
couldn't help but close them again due to the occlusion in front of his eyes.
In this way, the long eyelashes brushed against Shen Xuanqing's palm, and the
slight itchiness seemed to pass across his heart at the same time.
Sure enough, this was the feeling, this was what Shen
Xuanqing wanted to do before, and finally got started tonight.
Lu Gu struggled in his arms, and anyone who was
blindfolded would feel uncomfortable, so he let go of his hand, wanting to
explain but didn't know how to say it, so he didn't speak at all. He hugged Lu
Gu and kissed him for a while, the unbearable itchiness was relieved only after
the kiss and he could close his eyes and sleep steadily.
After catching so many fat badgers, all of them were fat
and strong, and one was very heavy to lift. It was the most important thing to
peel the badgers as soon as possible and then refine the badger oil.
After breakfast, Wei Lanxiang took Shen Yan to the town
to buy borneol. Not to mention the village, ordinary people in the town
couldn't afford borneol, but adding borneol when refining badger oil was the
best. The high grade badger oil could be sold at a higher price after being
refined.
After Lu Gu boiled hot water, the two brothers Shen killed
and skinned the badgers together in the yard.
Ji Qiuyue took a look and felt sick in her stomach, and
didn't dare to look again. Lu Gu often saw Shen Xuanqing skinning rabbits and
plucking pheasants, but this was the first time he saw badgers being killed. Killed
the badgers first, and then peeled them directly.
The puppy was chained in the backyard, and Dahui was
used to smell the bloody smell of the prey, so he surrounded them, looking
quite stable.
The puppy barked excitedly, wanted to bite the badger
meat secretly, and even got close to smell the blood on the ground. Afraid that
it would lick the blood, Lu Gu hurriedly told him to go to the main room, and
closed the door of the main room without letting him go out again.
Guaizi followed him all day long, he was naturally
obedient, and followed him when he called out.
"Guzi, how about this cloth?" Ji Qiuyue
probed outside the door when she heard the movement.
The smell of blood in the yard was strong, the badger
was bigger than the rabbit, and the scene of skinning and digging out the belly
was really not very good-looking. Lu Gu didn't want to watch it anymore, so he came
over after hearing the words.
"Sit down." Ji Qiuyue sat on the edge of the
bed, spread out a piece of red cloth and touched it.
After sitting down, Lu Gu touched it and found it was
soft. It was really goodcloth, so he said, "It's really a good
cloth."
He
raised his head and asked, "Sister-in-law, are these used to make clothes
for children?"
"Yes." Ji Qiuyue smiled, and said: "I'll
tell you, Brother Daqing said that the child will be born in August next year,
it will be hot, just use this thin cloth to make some clothes."
After
thinking about it, Lu Gu said: " After the clothes are finished, I will embroider
some small flowers to make them look better, and I will embroider them with
tiger head patterns."
Tigers and lions were mighty and majestic, and the
children here, regardless of gender, would wear tiger or lion hats if they were
sophisticated. Shoes were meant to ward off evil spirits and keep people safe,
and the same for clothes embroidered with tiger and lion patterns.
Ji Qiuyue nodded again and again, smiling happily:
"Okay, don't worry, my stomach is not big enough for us to work in the
winter, I just bought four-color embroidery thread, and I plan to make a tiger
hat, and for tiger shoes, mother
said that
she will do it, and now you can embroider tiger patterns on the clothes, it’s
all done.”
At this time the puppy came while wagging his tail, Ji
Qiuyue glanced at him, and said with a smile: “He is still so fat.”
Lu Gu’s eyebrows were slightly curved, and he smiled
slightly, glancing at the puppy, and thinking that next year there would be a
little child wearing a tiger-head patterned dress and shoes, he felt happy.
After the clothes were ready, other embroidery work could be put down first,
which was the most important thing.