105 30

Darkness enveloped the land. Due to the thief's matter, many houses closed their doors early, and so did Li Wanyun. With such a commotion today, the neighbors would definitely be on guard at night. Even an idler guy like Huang Da wouldn't dare to approach them easily.
She closed the doors and windows and put the kitchen knife on the edge of the bed so that it could be reached with her hand. She also hid the scissors under the pillow. After she lay down, she kept her eyes open and didn't fall asleep.
Even if Lin Jinhu didn't say those words, she still had to find an excuse to go back to her parents' home. Thief was a big deal, so no one could say anything when she hid at her parents' home.
As for the thief, actually there was no thief at all. It was her who secretly messed up the yard and kitchen. She also made the mess in the house and backyard by herself. Without any other purpose, she couldn't stay in Qingxi Village any longer.
This afternoon she was sitting in the yard chopping firewood. The door was open. Huang Da, who was passing by, stood at the door and looked at her for a long time. The look in the eyes of that idler man made her extremely frightened.
Compared with those good relatives of the Zhang family, Huang Da's eyes were completely different. They were so obscene and evil that she didn't even dare to say anything. The hands holding the axe tightly were shaking. There was only one thought in her heart, if Huang Da dared to come in, she could only attack him with the axe in her hands.
Fortunately, it was daytime, so Huang Da didn't dare to mess around, he only watched for a while and then left.
She dared not forget that look. Seven or eight years ago, there was a widow who lived alone in her natal village. Someone climbed over the wall at night and got in. Later, the widow was hanged with a hemp rope at home.
Some people slept soundly all night, while others stayed up all night.
The next day, when the roosters crowed and it was still dark, Li Wanyun got up and went to the backyard when she heard some movements in the neighbor's house. She walked very lightly and without saying a word, she used a shovel to shovel up the manure pile and rummaged through the stench to find a money bag wrapped tightly.
There were two layers of money bag, the outer one was stained with manure, she threw it away directly. After being buried inside for so many days, the second layer of the money bag also had the smell of manure. She opened the money bag and took out the silver wrapped in cloth. There was thirty taels of silver wrapped inside.
She held an ingot of five taels of silver tightly in her hand. The palm of her hand was sore that it hurt, but she felt a sense of security from having money.
That day the fourth uncle Zhang scolded her for hiding the money, and she also scolded him back. No one else knew, but she knew she had a guilty conscience, because she really hid the money.
She was going to take these thirty taels and ninety copper coins back to her parents' house. Now that she had money, her natal family wouldn't drive her away, she didn't want to come back to this place.
Even if they chased her away, she wouldn't leave. It was nothing more than making a fuss. It was better to stay at her parents' house than to live here alone, without having to worry about being bullied day and night.
As for her other belongings and the house, it was a pity that she couldn't sell them for money, but she wasn't stupid and knew she didn't have to worry about anything else.
In the past, when the old Mrs. Zhang was here, she could only work nonstop and had no money. The things she brought back to her parents' home were shabby, which made her brothers and two sisters-in-law looked down upon her. Thirty taels wasn't a small amount, as long as she kept this money, holding it firmly in her hands, she would have the confidence to return to her parents' home.
At dawn, Li Wanyun washed the money, she thought to herself, so what if it still smells bad, it's real money.
She vaguely felt that it was good to have money, especially if the money was in her own hands. When she thought that from now on she would no longer have to face other people's cold faces to ask for money, finally she could straighten up her waist and back.
[腰板	yāo bǎn: lit. waist and back; fig. upright and still healthy]
Li Wanyun moved lightly and quickly, putting all the clothes into the bundle. She had few clothes, one of them was the thicker cotton coat left by Zhang Zhengzi. Seeing that the quilt on the bed was thick, and it belonged to the old Mrs. Zhang, she used it to cover herself. It was difficult to take the quilt and mattress away, so she removed the stitches, pulled out the cotton inside, stuffed some into the bundle, and stuffed some into the bamboo basket. Later she could buy some new cotton to make a new quilt.
[包袱	bāo fu: wrapping cloth; a bundle wrapped in cloth; load; weight; burden; funny part; punchline]
She had no intention of cooking, so she put the kitchen knives and scissors into the sewing basket and planned to take them away. She went into the kitchen, picked up a cold mixed-noodle bun from bamboo steamer and started to eat it. While eating, she looked at what else she wanted to take away. She picked up two sets of bowls and chopsticks, and picked up three plates with no cracks on the edges. As for the others, she didn't bring them, just enough for her own use.
She choked while chewing the steamed bun, so she took a small scoop of cold water and drank it. After taking a breath, she threw the gourd scoop into the water tank.
A few eggs and duck eggs must be taken away, along with a small amount of rice and flour. After Li Wanyun finished eating a steamed bun, her eyes fell on the big pot. The iron pot was valuable. If she didn't come back in the future, she didn't know whose hands it would fall into.
It was still dark, and Quan Zi's family woke up early because they had a baby. Quan Zi's fulang brother Zhen was holding the baby in the yard to urinate, hissing and whistling.
After the baby finished urinating, he got up and was about to go back when he heard someone calling him. When he saw it, it was Li Wanyun who poked her head out from the other side of the wall.