103

Chapter 103
Lu Gu was stunned for a moment by the small egg in the chicken coop, and then he was filled with joy. His little hen had grown up and could lay eggs.
Those old hens were accustomed to people coming to collect eggs, and when people touched their eggs, they rarely got frightened or flapped their wings and pecked people. Sometimes they would just find a place to lay their eggs, after that they would ignore them, and continued to dig around in the chicken coop.
The little hens laid eggs for the first time were obviously different from the old hens. They were very alert when nesting next to the eggs.
If he went to pick up the egg as soon as it was laid, the hen might be frightened. Lu Gu suppressed his joy and ignored it after just one look. If he approached rashly, the hen would flutter around and break the egg.
There were no roosters among the eight chickens he raised, and the eggs couldn't be hatched, so they could only be eaten. He would save a few more later and give Shen Xuanqing fried eggs to eat.
The more Lu Gu thought about it, the happier he became. He opened the fence door of chicken coop and went in to search around. He found an egg on the ground in the corner. The old hen that looked for a place to lay egg didn't even enter the hen house.
There was a thick layer of straw in the basket. He put the eggs on it and found another one in a broken basket lined with hay. There were two eggs in total. He could collect one or two eggs every day these days, and more and more eggs would be collected the day after tomorrow. The warmer the weather, the more eggs he could collect.
As for the egg laid by the little hen, Lu Gu stood outside the chicken coop and watched it for a long time. Because it was an autumn chick, the hen was still young now, so the egg was obviously smaller than those laid by the old hen. But after a few more months of raising, the little hens would grow into big hens. They would be fed and drank well, and the eggs wouldn't be too small by then.
"Woof!"
Dahui, who was tied in the corner, came out of the kennel, wagging his tail and barking.
Lu Gu looked away from the eggs and saw that there was less water in the dog basin. He was about to add some water to the chickens, so he hurried back to the front yard with the basket in hand.
"Brother Guzi, how many eggs have you collected today?" Shen Yan was collecting the paste bowls and excess red paper when she saw Lu Gu coming over, she asked.
"Two, these were laid by the old hens, and the little hen also laid one egg." Lu Gu said with a smile on his face.
He was so happy, even Shen Yan was also surprised and said, "Did you not take it? Then I'll go and take a look with you."
Lu Gu put the basket in the kitchen. He didn't even have time to put the eggs into the egg basket. He scooped up a ladle of water and walked to the backyard with Shen Yan.
"It's true." Shen Yan was also happy when he saw the egg in the chicken coop. The little hen couldn't hatch the egg for the first time, so it just stood guard next to the egg without sitting on it.
"In this way, you can add water and grass, and I'll take the egg after it comes out of the nest." After Lu Gu added half a ladle of water to the dog basin, he opened the fence door of the chicken coop with one hand and handed the gourd ladle to Shen Yan with the other hand.
Shen Yan poured water and chopped chicken grass into the chicken bowl. The little hens quickly ran over to peck at it. Even the one in the chicken coop, after some hesitation, was attracted by the food and drink and came out of the nest.
Lu Gu took the egg from the nest and hurried out of the chicken coop to avoid being discovered by the little hen that he had taken its egg. If the little hen held grudges, it would be difficult for him to pick up the eggs in the future, and he would be pecked.
The egg in his hand was obviously smaller, but the more he looked at it, the smaller and cuter it became, and he even showed it to Shen Yan.
If the little hens could lay eggs, it meant that they would be able to get more eggs in the future. Eggs were precious things. How could anyone be unhappy?
"There are eight little hens. Maybe all of them will start laying eggs in two days. Later I can collect five or six eggs in one day at least, and twenty eggs in three or four days." Lu Gu carefully held the egg in one hand and said to Shen Yan, then the two of them went to the front yard.
"There are so many." Shen Yan was a little envious, because this was Lu Gu's own chicken. Shen Xuanqing and his family had agreed to separate, therefore the money for the sale was Lu Gu's own.
She often collected eggs from the hens that Wei Lanxiang raised. Wei Lanxiang raised more than 20 ducks and 18 hens, which was much more than Lu Gu, but those were not hers. At most, when Wei Lanxiang sold the eggs, she would take Shen Yan with her from time to time and buy her something to eat in the market or town.
"There are still duck eggs." She remembered that the seven ducks had grown up. They had been allowed to swim in the warm weather these days, so they were probably not far away from laying eggs.