68 Part 18

Chapter 69
The
flock of sparrows swept up from the branches and flew into the distance. The puppy
playing in the yard saw it and barked a few times towards the sky.
Lu Gu grabbed the corner of Shen Xuanqing's clothes,
turned his head carefully to look at Shen Xuanqing's face, he opened his lips
slightly and wanted to speak, but he didn't know what to say, so he frowned
sadly.
It was also Shen Xuanqing who said this to let him know
that it wouldn’t hurt if he knew how to do that kind of thing. He used to think
that pain was normal.
After Shen Xuanqing looked over, Lu Gu let go of his
hand in embarrassment, he lowered his head not daring to look into Shen
Xuanqing's eyes, and said: "I won't be in pain afterwards."
His voice was very low, after all, it was such a
shameful thing, But Shen Xuanqing bought this book in order not to hurt him, so
he couldn't just say nothing.
After listening, Shen Xuanqing gradually calmed down
and was no longer so frustrated and decadent. Seeing Lu Gu lowered his head and
his eyes were slightly red, and he stopped pulling his clothes, another kind of
unhappiness flooded his heart.
"In the future, if you want to grab my clothes,
you can grab them." He said in a low voice, still slowly, as if he was a
little embarrassed, but his hands were not idle, and he went to grab Lu Gu's
hand.
The hand was held by the warm and rough big hand, Lu Gu
didn’t resist, and finally his cheeks were slightly red, and he gave a low
"hmm".
The embarrassment and silence were no longer there, and
Shen Xuanqing also said: "After we go down the mountain and the winter is slack,
I will buy Three Character Classic book, come back and teach you how to
recognize the characters."
Speaking of this, Lu Gu turned to look at him, nodded
very seriously, and said, "Okay."
" Then..." Shen Xuanqing picked up the book
at the end of the bed with the other hand, and now since they had  talked about it, Lu Gu's shy and cute
appearance made him felt guilty, his Adam's apple slipped, thinking of the two
pictures he saw just now, he couldn't help coveting Lu Gu.
He wondered if he could look at a few more pictures in
the future and learn from it. If you look at it with others, you would feel
uncomfortable, but it was different with Lu Gu.
At this time, Lu Gu also looked at the book in his
hand, and also remembered what the two people in the picture did, and he really
didn't dare to look at it, it was not something that a serious person could
think of, and he couldn't help but shrink back while blushing.
Seeing that he even wanted to retract his hand, Shen
Xuanqing clenched it tightly, feeling a little pity in his heart, but still
said: "Then I'll put this away first."
"Yes." Lu Gu nodded slightly in agreement, the
enthusiasm on his face still lingering..
After finishing speaking, Shen Xuanqing got out of bed
and stuffed the book into the box. The road up the mountain was harder than
that down the mountain. It took time and effort to move the wooden cabinet,
which was not as easy to use as the box. The top was full of wooden boxes to
hold things.
Seeing that he was about to close the box, Lu Gu, who
was sorting his clothes, quickly said: "Take out the winter clothes, it's
been cold these days, you wear them when you go out in the morning."
He opened the box before to get the thick clothes for
Shen Xuanqing.
Hearing this, Shen Xuanqing took out the winter
clothes, and looked at the clothes Lu Gu was wearing, and felt relieved when he
saw that they were thick. He was strong and not afraid of the cold, but most of
his shuang’ers were more delicate, so he had to wear thick clothes.
The mountains and forests were quiet and the afterglow
of the setting sun was still there. Lu Gu carefully sewed the sleeve, and the
sky gradually became dark.
He hadn't washed his hair for several days, and it was
dirty after a day of running in the forest. Shen Xuanqing and Lu Gu took turns
in the kitchen to boil water and take a bath.
After washing and drying his hair, Shen Xuanqing groped
into the warm blanket covered Tang Pozi, and said to Lu Gu, "Washing at
noon would be warmer than at night."
Even if you were young and not afraid of the cold, took
a bath and washed your hair at night were cold, Shen Xuanqing hugged Lu Gu
under the blanket for a long time before feeling comfortable.
Fulang's body was soft and fragrant, and the underwear
he was wearing was not at all obstructive. After hugging and smelling it for a
while, Shen Xuanqing couldn't hold back.
There was no way to read the picture book in front of
Lu Gu, let alone figure it out together, but he remembered the dozen or so
pages he read, and he only tried a few of them before, which was enough for
now.
The things at night became more joyful, but Lu Gu still
seldom made a sound, fearing that he would turn into that unbearable
appearance, so he bit his lip and clenched the mattress to endure it.
Happiness didn’t last long. Sometimes Shen Xuanqing didn't
want to stop, and could continue after a break. He had great strength, and he
could also try some poses that Lu Gu had never seen before, which always made him
felt uncomfortable the next day.
Neither of them mentioned the book again, but Lu Gu
didn't know that Shen Xuanqing learned those movements that he had never seen
before from the book.
Even people who had never read books know to read good
books, how could they often read those messy bad books. Lu Gu sometimes
wanted to say something, but his shame made him unable to speak, and he was sad
several times alone.
Fortunately, Shen Xuanqing was not overwhelmed. After these
few days of incontinence, he didn't touch him again.
Shen Xuanqing went out to hunt early in the morning,
and Lu Gu put the chickens and ducks outside after the sun came out.
The autumn wind was bleak, and the greenery on the
ground was gradually receding. However, in just a few days, the mountains and
forests had become more and more cold and lonely. Most of the leaves of the
trees had fallen, leaving only bare branches.
The ducks were swimming in the pond to look for food.
It was too cold and windy. It was not as good as a yard with a high wall to
keep out the wind outside. Standing outside was very cold, even if there was
Tang Pozi, it was not easy to use.
Lu Gu sat on the stone by the pond, holding Tang Pozi in
his arms and covering his hands, when the wind blew even his face was cold, he
rubbed and covered it with his hands.
He didn't hear the puppy for a while, so he slapped the
water surface with a long bamboo pole to drive the ducks back, and then
shouted: "Guaizi."
As soon as he yelled, the
puppy should bark in response and run back since his ears were sharp, but Lu Gu
didn’t hear the puppy’s voice.
"Guaizi!" he called again, louder than
before.
After yelling, Lu Gu listened carefully to the
surrounding, but still didn't hear the puppy’s voice, he panicked all of a
sudden, stood up but didn't know which direction to look for, and was so
anxious that he walked around in circles.