89 Part

Chapter 89
Laba
porridge was cooked a lot, and it lasted for several days.
The snow covered everything, the twelfth lunar month
and the cold winter couldn't stop the joy of the approaching New Year's Eve. Lu
Gu was very busy throughout the winter, cooking, doing laundry, sewing and
reading, and Shen Xuanqing still wanted to teach him boxing.
It was different now, he could use hot water to wash
the clothes, and there was tang pozi to warm his hands and feet when he was
doing needlework or writing, and there were no chilblain cracks anymore.
"Okay, that's it, there is no need to resize it."
Wei Lanxiang adjusted Shen Yan's new clothes, and seeing that she looked so
beautiful with the new clothes, she smiled and said, "Take it off quickly,
and wear it again during the New Year."
"Mother,
let's go to the big market tomorrow, can I buy some hairbands and silk flowers?
"Shen Yan said while taking off the clothes.
"Okay, I'll buy it for you." Wei Lanxiang
agreed, then turned to Lu Gu and said, "I'll buy it for you too."
Lu
Gu had tried his new clothes and they fit well, and they had been folded now.
Hearing this, his eyes were slightly bent and he nodded slightly:
"Yeah."
Shen Xuanqing bought him a hairpin and bracelet, but
Wei Lanxiang was different, how could he brush away this good intention. Besides,
during the New Year, no matter how many ornaments women had on their heads,
they must wear some colorful silk flowers. They were bright and beautiful, and
even some men would wear them in their hair, making them look festive and
lively.
"When Erqing comes back, let him try his new
clothes, and if they don't fit, we'll resize them." Wei Lanxiang said.
"Understood mother, I will resize them for him later."
Lu Gu nodded and said. Wei Lanxiang was always at home when making New Year's
clothes, and he learned a few things from her. Resizing clothes was not too
difficult, and he should learn how to do it.
While talking, Shen Xuanqing came back from outside and
had a chat with Ji Qiuyue.
After Shen Yan changed her clothes, Lu Gu picked up the
two clothes and went out.
"Mother, the third uncle said that he will lend us
the ox cart the day after tomorrow. Just use his family's cart, it's
ready-made. "Shen Xuanqing said.
"Well, that's easy." Wei Lanxiang nodded, and
then asked Ji Qiuyue: "Go to the Liangzhang Bridge the day after tomorrow,
do you also want to go?"
Ji
Qiuyue said with a smile: "It's natural. I’m going to catch up with the
excitement of the big fair, and I will join in. "
Ever since she was pregnant, Shen Yaoqing watched her closely
and didn't let her go out because of the cold and slippery road. She always stayed
at home in the village
all day long. There were so many people
in the big fair, which was as lively as New Year. She must go, otherwise it
would be too boring to stay at home.
Lu Gu and Shen Xuanqing went back to their room to try the
clothes. Shen Xuanqing was too tall, even if he wanted to help him undress, it
was not convenient for him, so he could only stand aside and watch him.
"It's pretty good." Shen Xuanqing stretched
his arms and legs after he put on the clothes, he was not very particular about
dressing, as long as it was warm and clean.
Lu Gu helped him to smooth the fabric on the back, he stood
a few steps away and looked over, Shen Xuanqing's broad shoulders, narrow
waist, tall and strong body, even the commoner clothes could set out imposing
manner or style, and everything looked appropriate.
"Then there is no need to resize it." Lu Gu
said after looking for a while.
"Is yours also done?" Shen Xuanqing asked him
while taking off his new clothes.
Lu Gu smiled lightly and said: "Yes, I've tried them
all."
His smiling eyes were like stars, and his cheeks were
so bright and fair that Shen Xuanqing couldn't hold back. He reached out and
touched his face for a while, and then lowered his head and whispered a few
words in his ear.
Lu Gu was shy and happy at the same time, every time he
got close to Shen Xuanqing, it made him feel at ease. During the daytime, he
touched his face, and what he said in his ears sounded serious. But after Shen
Xuanqing finished speaking, he took the opportunity to kiss the side of his
neck, which was a bit indecent.
The big fair at Liangzhang Bridge lasted for several days.
Today was the day when the second room of Shen’s family went to the fair. Once
the gate was locked, all the six members of the family went out, leaving only
the dogs at home to guard against thieves. It was almost New Year, and they
still optimist about the chickens and ducks they had.
Shen Shunwang prepared the ox cart early in the
morning, and when they came over, they quickly got on the ox cart.
"Third Uncle, let's go first." Shen Xuanqing
said while holding the ox rope.
Shen Shunwang took out the cigarette pouch at his
waist, hearing the words he nodded: "Go, second sister-in-law, take your
time on the road."
"Oh,
I got it." Wei Lanxiang smiled.
Although the ox cart was slower, the ox was very
powerful in pulling things, and there was no need for them to walk to the
Liangzhang Bridge with bamboo baskets on their backs.
Shen Shunwang's ox was at the prime of its strength, but
fortunately its temperament was docile, and it also recognized the two
brothers, Shen Xuanqing and Shen Yaoqing, so it walked forward obediently.
When they came out today, because the sun was always
covered by the clouds and there was still wind from time to time, they all wore
badger fur collars, otherwise the cold wind would blow straight into their
necks.
With the badger fur collar was different, it was light
and warm.
In order to take care of Ji Qiuyue, they walked leisurely
and had to say a few words to the villagers when they met on the road.
"Lanxiang, are you going to the fair?"
Grandma Ajin saw them from the yard and hurried out to ask.
"Yes." Wei Lanxiang smiled.
Grandma Ajin then said: "Then you bring me a bag
of zaotang (
灶
糖
) back, Xiao
Shunzi is a glutton, he kept eating zaotang and there is only a little left
over."
Wei Lanxiang said: "Okay, I'll call you at the
door when I come back. "
"Hey
good. "She didn't need to walk so far to buy zaotang, Grandma Ajin smiled.
The ox cart creaked and creaked went out of the
village. After walking for a while, there were more and more mud on the feet.
Shen Xuanqing pulled the ox to stop and said, "If you are tired, get into
the cart."
It was a long way to Liangzhang bridge, Shen Yaoqing
helped Ji Qiuyue got into the ox cart. Wei Lanxiang was used to walk, and she
didn’t get into the cart before she really couldn’t walk, she let Lu Gu and
Shen Yan go up.
The two brothers, one leading the ox and the other holding
the cart, walked happily. Shen Yaoqing felt happy, the sky was high and far
away, he let go of his voice and sang a folk song that others couldn’t
understand. There were few words and sentences, and most of them were thick and
long tunes from the heart. It was a different kind of fun to listen to it.