100 9

The shepherd's purse had been beaten by the rain, so Lu Gu was afraid that it wouldn't be good to eat, so he washed it twice and then blanched it in boiling water. When he was making the dough, Ji Qiuyue went into the kitchen. A few days ago, when she went to see a Langzhong, the langzhong specially asked her to be careful when she ate these cold wild vegetables, therefore she could only watch it now.
"Do you want to mash garlic?" She took another look at Shen Yan who was peeling the garlic, and when she thought of the wild vegetable steamed buns dipped in balsamic vinegar mixed with garlic, she was so greedy that she swallowed her own saliva, however she couldn't eat it.
The wild vegetable buns hadn't been made yet, and the more she thought about it, the more she became greedy. However she knew that she couldn't eat it, it might be because of her pregnancy, her eyes were moist when she looked at the wild vegetables, and she wanted to cry.
Shen Yan had a small wound on his finger. Because it was very small, she didn't pay attention to it when peeling the garlic. The wound was a bit hot and painful at the moment, but she could bear it. She looked at her finger and wanted to talk to Ji Qiuyue, however before she could talk, she saw Ji Qiuyue's eyes were wet.
"Sister-in-law." Shen Yan said cautiously.
Ji Qiuyue was a little ashamed when Shen Yan looked at her, when she thought that for a person of her age, her eyes were wet because of food, she felt that she was really useless, so she couldn't help laughing and said: "It's okay, I'm just greedy, who knew that I can't eat so many things after I became pregnant, what a pain. However, later when the baby is born, I can eat a basket of it, so don't snatch it from me. "
She showed her smile again, and Shen Yan and Lu Gu were instantly relieved.
"Well, it's all yours, we won't eat it."
As soon as Shen Yan opened her mouth, Lu Gu nodded in agreement, he said, "We will also mash garlic to mix with balsamic vinegar for you."
Ji Qiuyue didn't dare to listen anymore, she hurriedly escaped from the kitchen. They didn't know what she said to Shen Yaoqing in the main room, Lu Gu only heard him laughing, and then begging for forgiveness. He knew that he was beaten by Ji Qiuyue.
They made the wild vegetable buns, the wild vegetables were fresh and the dough was soft, steamed the buns and then dipped them in garlic vinegar sauce while the buns were still hot, it was really refreshing.
The buns Lu Gu made were small and could be finished in two or three bites, therefore Shen Xuanqing only felt satisfied after eating eight in a row.
Shen Yaoqing ate a few, he smiled and then broke a small half of the wild vegetable steamed bun, dipped it in the garlic vinegar sauce, got up and sent it to Ji Qiuyue who hid in the room. He thought it didn't matter if she only took a small bite.
He thought that tomorrow he would buy a black-bone chicken for his wife. Since she couldn't eat wild vegetables, she could eat meat. He could also go to the mountains to dig some spring bamboo shoots. The bamboo shoots were the most tender after the rain. After blanching, it could be stewed with black-bone chicken, it was also a fresh vegetable.
The weather cleared up, and many people were digging wild vegetables in the wild fields on the mountain. There were also people fishing for winter and spring fish by the river, and people who had been hiding in the eaves after the rain came out.
The same was true for Lu Gu, the mountains and forests were unoccupied, and he could live a stable and be full day after day.
At noon, he had just returned from digging purslane. He took a branch to remove the mud from the soles of his shoes in front of the courtyard gate. The rain stopped but the ground was not completely dry, and a lot of wet mud stuck to it after walking around in the field.
"So many." Wei Lanxiang came out of the courtyard and took the bamboo basket in his hand.
Before they could go in, the two saw Quanzi's mother came out of the Zhang family's house in a hurry. When she saw Wei Lanxiang, she came over and said in a low voice, "Sister-in-law Zhang is gone."
As soon as the words finished, Li Wanyun's crying sounded in the Zhang family's courtyard.
Lao Zhang had endured her illness these past few days, but in the end she couldn't survive.
The sky was sunny and the sun was high. After a while in the warm sun, their backs became hot. People couldn't help but want to change into thin clothes.
It was originally a good spring day, however the sound of weeping never stopped from the Zhang family's house. It didn't take long after Lao Zhang's last breath, someone started a disturbance in the afternoon.
Lu Gu and Shen Yan were picking and then washing the vegetables in the courtyard. They could hear the noise coming from the other side, but they couldn't hear clearly.
When someone in the village died, the neighbors next door and the nearest neighbors would go to lend a hand. If they couldn't do anything else, at least they would do some chores. They were each other's helpers, and the Shen family could become a relative because their house was close to the Zhang family's house.
Logically speaking, he also wanted to go and have a look, however Shen Xuanqing felt that the relatives of the Zhang family were not easy to deal with, so he didn't let Lu Gu go, so he could only stay at home to cook.
Besides, with Wei Lanxiang over there, their family had already sent someone to help, and it didn't seem so important even if he could go.