97 Part 16

Shen Xuanqing didn't think much about it. It was better to have moist skin than dry and cracked skin, because it was painful. What was more, Lu Gu was so delicate. The wind in spring was still cold, the wind in summer was hot, the wind in autumn was bleak, and the wind in winter was sharp. There were wind, frost, rain and snow in all four seasons of the year. The more he thought about it, the more he felt uneasy. "
"Fold it for me."
Lu Gu's gentle words made him come back to his senses.
When he was on the bed, Shen Xuanqing was affected by his own endless thoughts, and when he turned over, he enveloped Lu Gu under him again.
He opened his mouth slightly and wanted to tell Lu Gu that the wind and rain outside were unpredictable, and stayed with him at home was the right choice.
What was more, outside, there were wild men he had never seen before.
But in a blink of an eye, when he thought more about it, it was really ridiculous to say such nonsensical words, so he had to bow his head and kiss Lu Gu.
Lu Gu thought of what happened two days ago and made his body tremble slightly, he thought that Shen Xuanqing still wanted to do it again, but the bed sheet and quilt just dried tonight. So after being kissed on the corner of his lips, he said in low voice: "The sheet and quilt can no longer be washed."
Shen Xuanqing laughed when he heard this, he only wanted to kiss Just Lu Gu and nothing else, so he said: "Just a few kisses."
Hearing this, Lu Gu obviously relaxed, and the darkness covered the joy in his eyes. Apart from touching, he also liked Shen Xuanqing kissing him in his heart.
The light kisses fell on the cheeks and the side of the neck, the warm breath fell on his ears, and then he heard Shen Xuanqing's low voice with a smile.
"Sew a thick cloth for the bed sheet these days. If you don’t have one at home, I’ll take you to the town to buy it. You won’t have to wash the bed sheet in a hurry in the future, and you can also sew a quilt. If it’s dirty, I’ll remove it for you. "
Lu Gu realized what did he mean about letting him sew another bed sheet and quilt, and while feeling ashamed, he also realized that Shen Xuanqing still wanted to do such an excessive thing.
Usually, after the two of them had sex, they only needed to wipe their legs and their bodies, instead of getting a lot of dirt everywhere like the last time.
But he couldn't say the words to push back and fight, because his lips and tongue were blocked.
All kinds of busyness in the first month seemed to have passed in the blink of an eye. Some new shoots sprouted from the tough wild vegetables and weeds, and mottled greens appeared on the withered, yellow and dead ground. Small patches here and there spread to the field.
After lunch, Lu Gu and Shen Xuanqing went to see the five acres of field they bought.
When the snow melted before, the ground was very muddy, and the snow water in the winter wheat field was the water for the wheat to drink. Fortunately, the snow water and the muddy road had already dried up today, so that the mud wouldn't stick to the soles and the shoes wouldn't be dirty.
These five acres of fields were good fields. The wheat seedlings were bright green, and they began to grow after the beginning of spring.
Food was the lifeblood of farmers. Since the greenery had glowed, so some people herded their sheeps and cows. Most people come to the field a few times a day, and if by any chance someone's cattle and sheep's rope loosened and they came to eat the wheat seedlings, if they could be chased away in time or could be caught, and if they ate too much, they would ask explanation to the owner of the cattle and sheep.
"Shepherd's purse." Lu Gu saw the wild vegetables on the edge of the field, he squatted down and poked them. He only ate cabbage, radish and dried wild vegetables all winter. These bright green wild vegetables were the rarest after the spring came.
There weren't many shepherd's purses, so he pulled it out and shook the soil on the root, and then he looked elsewhere, wanting to look for it again. Wei Lanxiang dug some on the hillside early in the morning, and if he got some back, he could fry a big bowl of shepherd's purse.
Shen Xuanqing saw the shepherd's purse in another place, he bent down and pulled it out, and said: "Go down to the mountain and try to look for Chinese toon, and come back to scramble it with eggs to eat."
"Okay." Lu Gu agreed, then he continued to look around, and found the shepherd's purse again.
They walked all the way and when they found wild vegetables they would stop and dig them. They got a lot of wild vegetables when they got home. Arriving at home, they took a bamboo basket and a long bamboo pole with a hook, they said something to Wei Lanxiang and went out.
Aunt Miao and Quanzi's mother were chatting outside the door, when they saw them carrying a bamboo pole, they asked, " Does Guzi want to go to hook the Chinese toon?
"Yes." Lu Gu nodded and replied, without any other words, he said, "Aunts, I will go first."
"Hey good, go quickly." Aunt Miao agreed repeatedly.
While they were talking, Li Wanyun also came out from the door, she was still wearing Zhang Zhengzi's padded coat. When she saw Lu Gu she smiled and didn't say anything else.
Lu Gu returned with a shallow smile, and then walked up the mountain with Shen Xuanqing. He thought to himself, it seemed that since the first time he saw Li Wanyun wearing the man's clothes, she smiled more and would come out to chat with her neighbors.
And the old Lao Zhang didn't scold her anymore, he thought to himself, this would be very good, and finally she wouldn't have to live like before.