20 Part

Chapter 20
The doors and windows were all open, and not long after noon, the sun was shining brightly, shining in from outside.
Shen Xuanqing slept in the west room and the east room was where the old hunter lived before. He was used to live here and never changed it.
Because of the coldness in the mountains, only one window was opened on the south wall, the window faced the front yard, and the relatively strong wooden bed in the room was placed on the west side avoiding the window, facing the door horizontally.
Lu Gu was lying on the innermost side, there was a narrow gap between the bed and the mud wall, different from that at the bottom of the mountain, Shen Xuanqing's room had elaborate bed curtains, here was a bare board bed, for fear of soiling the mattress by leaning against the mud wall , it was farther away.
The sun shone in through the window, bright and majestic, and fine dust could be seen floating in the beam.
It was different from working or standing up. Once he lay down and was under the eaves, he felt cool after a short while, but Lu Gu lay straight and didn't even move, let alone pull the quilt.
He was nervous, and Shen Xuanqing was also a little nervous, and both of them remained silent .
The mountain was quiet, but a few dogs barking outside broke the silence. After going up the mountain, the three dogs were not tied up, and they didn't run around. They just ran and played nearby. When they were thirsty, they went to the river to drink water. Lying down on the ground, Shen Xuanqing knew it was all right after hearing it, but just barked, and stopped paying attention to the outside.
He noticed Lu Gu's stiffness, and remembered that when the two of them slept together at night, Lu Gu was also like this, so cautious that he wouldn't turn over even if he was asleep, what he looked like when he was sleeping, and what he looked like when he woke up, rarely would change.
Feeling cold, Shen Xuanqing sat up and pulled the quilt from the foot of the bed, covering him and Lu Gu.
The new quilt was still in the sack, he was still young and childish, and his shyness hadn't faded away. Shen Xuanqing quietly looked down at the quilt. Fortunately, it had been exposed to the sun a while ago, so it didn't smell bad or dirty.
"Get up early, don't do anything else today, it's okay to sleep for a while." After he lay down, he finally found the words.
Hearing his deep and steady voice, Lu Gu gradually relaxed for some reason, and finally hummed softly, his stiff body finally relaxed a bit.
Chasing the mountain road all morning was not easy for anyone. After relaxing physically and mentally, Lu Gu closed his eyes and gradually fell asleep.
Shen Xuanqing also closed his eyes and fell asleep, after a while, when Lu Gu's breathing became stable, he opened his eyes again.
The hand that was pressed against his back shoulder when applying the medicine was so soft that he was still thinking about it in a daze.
Lu Gu was sleeping next to him, his arm was not far from his arm, as long as he moved a little, he could touch that hand.
The lightly clenched hands were hidden under the quilt, no one could see them, not even the person whose hand was clenched knew.
This sleep lasted for more than half an hour. When Lu Gu woke up, his fatigue faded a lot, and his spirit returned.
In the afternoon, the sun reached the slanting upper part of the west, and it hadn’t set yet. He boiled medicines for repelling snakes and insects bought by Shen Xuanqing, and stirred it with a wooden stick, and it turned into half a pot of black steaming water.
Shen Xuanqing found some unused cloth strips for him, and wrapped them around wooden sticks, so that the potion could be applied to the doors and windows. One layer was not enough, and after it dried a little, he had to apply it twice, so that the potion seeping into the wood, so there was always a smell of medicine, which could prevent snakes, insects, rats and ants from crawling into the room and biting people.
These things in the mountains were not the same as outside, they were more or less poisonous, if they were fine during the day, they could be seen, killed and thrown out, but at night, people couldn't find it when they were asleep, the pain of being bitten was mild, red, swollen and hard for a few days. Needless to say, pain and itching were uncomfortable.
Not counting the firewood room, there were five rooms in total including the kitchen and the small room with sundries. They all had doors and windows, and Lu Gu just applied it to all. He bought it with money, and he was not willing to lose, so he went to apply the firewood door again.
Although there were no people and no food in the firewood room, if there was something hiding in the firewood and hay, he had to worry about it, so he might as well wipe it all off.
The courtyard door was wide open, and he was busy inside. Shen Xuanqing took the shovel outside and dug a narrow hole around the courtyard. The pit was about as deep as the head of the shovel, which was not too deep. He planned to bury the medicine in it. .
When he finished digging and sprinkled the medicine powder inside, Lu Gu finished his work and came out.
Seeing Shen Xuanqing tilting the medicine bag while walking and pouring it into the pit, he picked up the shovel on the ground, followed behind and began to fill the soil.
"No, I do it myself." Filling the soil was a laborious task, so Shen Xuanqing switched with him.
Dahui and the two small dogs watched them work, and they seemed to understand what Shen Xuanqing was doing. The three dogs straddled the narrow pit, half playing and half helping, they used their claws to dig the soil, and it looked quite hard.
This scene made Lu Gu had a clear and shallow smile in his eyes. He never smiled very often, and now he smiled gently, but it dissipated in an instant.
Shen Xuanqing was filling the soil, and because of the actions of Dahui, he couldn't help laughing, and inadvertently raised his head to look at Lu Gu, and it was this look that made him see that smile.
There seemed to be a "Zheng" in his heart that broke the strings, making him stunned in place, and it seemed that there were ripples, stirring up a pool of spring water to ripple.
he was used to see Lu Gu's cowardly appearance. Where Shen Xuanqing had seen this scene before? At a loss, he panicked, and when he came back to his senses at the end, he only knew that Lu Gu was his husband, fortunately, he was his husband.