18 Part

Chapter 18
Since it was agreed that Lu Gu would go into the mountain with him, he had to pack up his things today, and went on his way early tomorrow morning, not to mention anything else, at least he had to prepare enough rations.
Shen Yan dug onions, ginger and garlic in the courtyard and pulled some vegetables, Wei Lanxiang called Ji Qiuyue and Lu Gu to pack rice and flour in the kitchen.
They had the most miscellaneous flour at home, and they had about 100 catties. Half of the fine white flour that they traded for when they got married before hadn't been moved, so they packed 20 catties in cloth bags.
Now it was not the same as before, Shen Xuanqing didn't need to do part-time jobs and only carried big bags, and Lu Gu didn't need to change his medicine anymore. He would stay longer in the mountains. In a hurry to sell things, he would come down once every ten or a half months, not to mention for two people to eat, took more to save a trip.
The Shen family ate old rice. Last year when the rice in the paddy field was ripe, they sold all the new rice that was harvested at a good price, and bought cheap old rice to eat. Now there was not much left, only three bags .
There were a lot of people in the family, and they had to eat a lot of food a day, especially the two young men, who had a big appetite. No matter whether it was a rice tank or flour tank, it would be better if you dig a few big bowls every time you cooked. The new rice was cooked this year, there would be more in the past two months, Wei Lanxiang originally planned to add more water to the porridge, at least until the new rice was harvested.
Now it was all right, if you had money in your hand, you didn't have to worry about running out of food. She directly asked Shen Xuanqing to go to the grain hut to carry a bag. A hundred catties was enough for them to eat for a month.
"When the rice was ripe, let's eat new rice this year. If it's not sold out, I'll bring two hundred catties for you two. If you want to eat steamed dry rice, you can eat it. Don't feel bad " Wei Lanxiang smiled at Lu Gu.
Lu Gu hastily nodded his head to agree with her, tied the cloth bag containing white flour tightly in his hands, and looked up from the window to see Shen Xuanqing in the courtyard.
Shen Xuanqing carried the rice out and put it on the ground, and took the two-wheeled cart from the corner of the courtyard.
Shen Xuanqing said: "Mother, no need, big brother is here, it's cold outside and you just need to sleep, we don't delay, we're leaving now."
There were two strong wooden wheels at the front of the cart. On the side near the handle, there were two vertical sticks on the left and right sides, which were enough to support the ground after being lowered.
After Shen Xuanqing put the trolley away , he put the rice and flour on it, fearing that the mountain road would be difficult to walk, so he tied it with hemp rope a few times.
"Brother Erqing, is this enough for the two of you?" Shen Yan was still squatting in the yard, pointing to the pile of vegetables she dug up and asked.
Lu Gu came over with a cloth bag containing white flour, and wanted to put it on the cart. Hearing this, he also looked at it. There were ginger, scallion and green vegetables, as well as chili, beans and two big pumpkins. There was a lot, enough to eat for several days.
"That's enough." Shen Xuanqing said, he took the cloth bag from Lu Gu, and it weighed almost 30 catties.
"Bring another braid of garlic." Wei Lanxiang pulled out a braid of garlic hanging under the eaves, and then she remembered something, and said, "You don't even have a jar of pickles, why don't you bring a jar of pickles up there. Get up early and can eat it with pancakes."
The more you said, the more things you brought, Shen Xuanqing thought it was troublesome and wanted to say no, but when he looked up and saw Lu Gu, he remembered that he wouldn't eat alone in the future, it would be better to bring more food, there was no need to take the jar back, they could use it to marinate after eating the pickles.
"Where's the meat?" Wei Lanxiang yelled at him again.
Shen Xuanqing said : "No, you guys keep it for you, I'll make some when I get up there."
The meat was talking about the few hares and pheasants he brought back this time, they were not sold out, and each kept one , Let the family killed it and ate meat.
Wei Lanxiang saw that there were a lot of things in the cart, but she still couldn't stay idle, so she asked him again: "What about eggs, you like to eat this, so take all the eggs we have saved these days with you."
Wei Lanxiang felt that she was biased when she said this, and quickly said to Ji Qiuyue: "We eat duck eggs at home, and there are quite a few of them. I won't sell them recently, and I will make up for you and Daqing."
Although Shen Xuanqing got a lot of money, it was given to her. Ji Qiuyue didn't see any money, and she couldn't get it. Shen Yaoqing would give the money to her no matter whether from he sold the crops or worked as a part-time worker during the slack season. If the eggs were all divided into Lu Gu, it would always make people felt unhappy, right?
Ji Qiuyue had been married for three years and had never had any trouble with her family. She took Shen Yan to dig wild vegetables and pick fruits to supplement the family's rations. How could she make the oldest daughter-in-law felt cold.
Sure enough, when Ji Qiuyue heard this, her tightly pursued lips relaxed, and she smiled again. In fact, meat was enough for her. It was beaten by Shen Xuanqing and left for them. It didn't hurt to take some eggs.
But if the mother-in-law could take care of her when she spoke, she would be Inpartial and took her into consideration, otherwise how could she feel at ease.
The cart was full, and the eggs were fragile, so they had to be packed in bamboo baskets and thickly padded with straw, so Lu Gu could just carry them on the road tomorrow morning.
After finishing all this, Wei Lanxiang remembered that Lu Gu was going to bring clothes, but before, the two pair of shoes were not ready, she hurried to get a sewing basket from the house, and before she came out, she called out again: "Qiuyue, pack some beans and go with Shen Yan to exchange for some pieces of tofu, and we will mix it with tofu."
"Got it, mother." Ji Qiuyue also shouted.