110

Chapter 110
Seeing Lu Gu was anxious, Shen Xuanqing spoke before he could ask any more questions: "I'm fine. Dabai got a big wooden thorn stuck in his foot. He was chasing pheasants on a slope at the time. After getting stuck, he couldn't stand and rolled down, breaking his front leg."
Xiquan dog has long legs and is good at running and hunting, but its legs seem easy to break due to its length, so it's best suited for chasing prey on plains. In the mountains, it's very restricted and needs to be more careful.
[细犬 xìquǎn: also known as xigou or xiliegou, a breed of sighthound native to china]
Shen Xuanqing had worried about this before, and it finally happened.
Tibetan mastiff is large in size, with thick and strong legs. If trained well, it's no worse than Xiquan, but it's expensive.
These two xìquǎn dogs were brought to him by Lao Yang three years ago. He had no money at that time, so Lao Yang persuaded his relatives to sell them to him for only a hundred copper coins. Since he had come across such cheap hunting dogs, there was no reason not to buy them. The sooner he could raise them, the sooner he could start hunting.
[Dabai and Dahei: xìquǎn dog; Dahui: tibetan mastiff]
Dabai had difficulty walking and the mountain road was rugged. The large bamboo basket behind him contained several tools. Today he also stuffed a hatchet into it. The hatchet alone was shiny, and when he walked, it swung around with force, and it might hurt Dabai. On the way back, he mostly held him in his arms, and only put him down when he was tired and let the dog walk a few steps.
Lu Gu found that he had no injuries, only the sleeve was missing. He knew what happened by looking at the cloth wrapped around Dabai's leg. The blood on his clothes must be Dabai's. He was relieved. He looked at Dabai with a worried look and asked, "Have you removed the thorn?"
"I pulled them out, I also crushed some medicinal herbs and applied it. I can't go hunting today. Fortunately, I didn't go far and could bring them back." Shen Xuanqing replied. After returning to the yard, he put Dabai on the ground.
The puppy surrounded Dabai and whimpered, looking very worried.
The injury on the front legs was less serious than on the hind legs. Dabai could barely struggle to walk on three legs. Now that he was home, he lay on the ground and didn't move, Shen Xuanqing couldn't help but feel distressed.
Shen Xuanqing heard him whimpering softly, so he said, "I'll take Dahui to collect some medicinal herbs. The medicine to stop the bleeding on the sole of the foot needs to be changed every two or three days. Don't let him move around. When I come back, I'll feel the bones and see if it needs a wooden board."
"Okay, I understand." Lu Gu nodded and took note.
The sun was shining brightly in the yard. Shen Xuanqing didn't leave immediately after he finished speaking. He looked at Lu Gu's smooth and soft black hair scattered behind him. It was always like this when he dried his hair, and he couldn't take his eyes away.
After noticing Lu Gu's puzzled look, he coughed lightly and made an excuse: "Remember to give Dabai some water. I'm leaving first."
Dahei followed subconsciously, but was stopped by Shen Xuanqing, so he turned around and walked to Lu Gu's feet.
After he left, Lu Gu scooped up some water and brought the dog bowl, handing it to Dabai for him to drink. Seeing that his left front leg was broken and it couldn't move, and that the cloth strips were stained with medicinal herbs juice and blood, he couldn't help but feel pity for him, so he squatted beside him, stroking Dabai's head and comforting him.
It was easy for dogs to get their feet stuck when running and walking in the mountains. Every time the puppy lifted its foot and limped, he would check if there was anything stuck in the sole of its foot or between its toes. Only after pulling it out or taking it out would the puppy feel relieved. The same was true for Dahui and the others. Shen Xuanqing usually paid close attention to this.
He didn't expect that Dabai had such bad luck today. He pricked his foot and rolled down the hillside, breaking his leg.
While squatting on the ground, his hair kept sliding in front of him. Lu Gu then remembered that he hadn't tied his hair. As he had just washed his hair today, he was reluctant to get it dirty, so he washed his hands before combing and tying his hair.
After Shen Xuanqing came back, he helped to straighten and clamp Dabai's broken front legs to prevent them from growing crooked in the future.
After finishing his work, Shen Xuanqing found a clean piece of fine linen and said, "The medicine to stop bleeding is simple. Just mash these medicinal herbs and apply it to the sole of the foot and then wrap it with linen."
He was going out hunting later, so the task of changing the medicine would naturally be handed over to Lu Gu. He had brought a lot of linen cloth with him before, just in case he got injured. Clean linen cloth was always better than cloth torn from the clothes.
"Okay, I know how to do it." Lu Gu put the linen in the basket and left it outside so he wouldn't have to look for it again.
It was still shen shi, when Shen Xuanqing saw that he had tied his hair up and could no longer see the scene before, he felt regretful but didn't show it. He sat down to drink some water and rest before saying, "I'll go around the north to see if there are any rabbits. I'll feed them well these few days and take care of them."
[申时 shēn shí: 3-5 pm]