22 Part

Chapter 22
As soon as you picked up the golden honeycomb, you could see the honey flowing slowly from a small opening. Lu Gu was a little panicked at first, but when he saw that the honey was about to flow down, he quickly turned around while saying: "I'll go take the bowl."
Shen Xuanqing wrapped the honeycomb with big leaves and followed him, the bamboo basket was placed at the gate of the courtyard without carrying it, and said: "There is an empty jar next to the stove, use that."
Lu Gu listened to him, took the jar to wash it, and wiped it dry with a cloth towel.
Shen Xuanqing took the small wooden spoon on the chopping board, it was used by Lu Gu when making the pancakes, it was not stained like the wooden spoon for cooking, it was relatively clean.
The honeycomb was not that hard , and could be cut or squeezed with a wooden spoon. Lu Gu put the small jar on the chopping board, and couldn't help standing here watching the honey flow into the jar. The two stood together, if it wasn't for Shen Xuanqing was too high, it would be head to head.
The golden honey was bright, and it smelled mellow and sweet. The honeycomb in the mountains were not only on the trees. There were clusters of honeycombs under the cover of weeds and wild flowers. Took the time to find it.
Shen Xuanqing found a lump of honeycomb in the grass today, the honey couldn't flow completely, even after being squeezed, he picked a better place and broke off a piece and handed it to Lu Gu.
Seeing that Lu Gu was hesitating, Apparently he had never eaten it, he said in a low voice: "you can eat it, just chew for some sweetness, don't swallow it."
When he was a child, his mother gave him honey water or dipped honey with chopsticks and stuffed into his mouth and let him taste it, but the honeycomb had never been eaten, and when he heard that it was edible, Lu Gu bit it carefully. The mellow and sweet taste made his eyes widen as soon as he took it in, and Shen Xuanqing, who looked at him, smiled unconsciously.
Speaking of which, Shen Xuanqing was only half a year older than Lu Gu, and he was young enough that his face was actually a bit green. This smile faded away from his usual stability and maturity, and there seemed to be warmth in his eyes, just like the sun in the sky. It made Lu Gu inexplicably felt at ease, and he didn't even feel so embarrassed about his clumsy appearance that he hadn't eaten any good food.
He was thinking again, Shen Xuanqing was a good person, and if he was given such a sweet honeycomb , he would not really laugh at him for not eating a good one.
"Don't throw this away, keep it for you to eat every day." Shen Xuanqing broke off a small piece for himself, and put the squeezed and deformed honeycomb into the bowl.
The sweet taste overflowed in the mouths of the two of them, and no matter how bad their emotions were, they were appeased. Before Lu Gu finished eating, he asked, "Are you hungry? I stewed fish."
As soon as he entered the kitchen, he could smell the spicy taste, but because honey was important, Shen Xuanqing didn't bother to ask about it. At this moment, he nodded his head and said frankly: "I'm hungry."
After running in the mountains for a day, he brought a few steamed buns as dry food. How could he not hungry?
Lu Gu didn't eat honeycomb anymore, and lifted the lid of the pot to bring out the rice porridge, and filled a large bowl of stewed fish. Although it had been stewed for a long time, the pot was not burnt after adding water, only the fish sticking to the pot was a little burnt. Spices and salt had been added, the taste was not too bad.
By the time the food was served, it was dark outside.
Shen Xuanqing brought the bamboo baskets in and sealed the gate of the courtyard. It got dark quickly, so they had to light the oil lamps that they didn't usually use.
The dogs wandered around, Shen Xuanqing threw a steamed bun into each of them, and let them eat freely, so as not to come over during the meal, and said to Lu Gu: "No need to feed at night, they caught a few big bamboo rats before they came back I’ve roasted it and they ate it.”
Dahui and the others were used to eat leftovers, and the bones was made for stewed soup and left some meat on top for the three of them to eat, so they got used to eat cooked food, Shen Xuanqing found a safe place to light a fire and roast it at will, and also got some water for himself in a bamboo tube to drink.
Farmers' dogs sometimes couldn't eat at home, so they would dig outside to find something to eat. The country people had long been used to it, but they could catch big bamboo rats to eat, which was still very powerful in Lu Gu's ears.
The pancakes baked in the afternoon was still fluffy. The thick pancake itself could be eaten cold without reheating.
Although the taste of Lu Gu's stewed fish was not as good as that of Ji Qiuyue and Wei Lanxiang, but this was the first time he cooked it, and it was good to be able to do it like this.
he didn't know if this was the first time for Shen Xuanqing. For him, he could have a bite of hot food and hot dishes after hunting, and he didn't need to cook it himself.
Such a big pancake couldn't be eaten, at least two or three meals, but with the addition of Shen Xuanqing, there would be only soup left after eating.
This soup was so spicy and spicy that the dog poured it all out, as long as the meat was gone, it was not a pity.
It was getting dark, and Lu Gu was washing the pots and dishes in the kitchen. He originally could see it by the moonlight, but after a while Shen Xuanqing came in with an oil lamp , and the kitchen was much brighter.
"Boil some water. I'll wash at night. There's a lot of firewood in the forest." Shen Xuanqing put the oil lamp away, and went to the woodshed to gather firewood after speaking.
Because it was something like taking a bath, he didn't look at Lu Gu's eyes when he was talking. If he was tired when he came back, he would wash his face and went to sleep, but it would be different from now on .If the body was dirty and smells of sweat, wouldn't it be dirty to your husband.