58 Part 9

Shen
Xuanqing looked out at the sky while drinking water, the light rain was still
falling, but the cloud was not as heavy as yesterday, and it would stop by
tonight at the latest. If it was difficult to go hunting on the mountain road
tomorrow, go to the river to catch fish and loaches first.
This year he paid off his debts and made a lot of
money. He could afford meat to make bacon and sausages. He didn’t need to sell
dried fish and loach anymore.
After drinking the warm water in the bowl, his thoughts
returned, and he subconsciously looked at Lu Gu next to him, and found that his
little fulang’s cheeks were slightly red, and his eyelashes were trembling
slightly, as if he was a little nervous.
Realizing that Lu Gu was quietly moving his legs away,
not wanting to be next to him, Shen Xuanqing suddenly felt lost and confused at
the same time. He couldn't figure out why Lu Gu didn't want to be next to
him, and the dissatisfaction in his heart gradually rose, he pursed his lips
slightly and frowned, extremely puzzled.
If Lu Gu knew that he thought like that, Lu Gu would
definitely not think of a way to stay away from him, but Lu Gu didn't know, the
legs of the two of them separated a little bit.
The cold wind blew in from the outside, Lu Gu raised a
hand to touch his cheek, and the heat became less hot once the wind blew.
Shen Xuanqing treated him well, it was not that he didn't
want to be next to Shen Xuanqing, if it was in the past it would be fine, but
for some reason, yesterday Shen Xuanqing actually put him in such a posture,
shocking him, he didn't dare to resist and refuse, the pain was not very
painful, but this fact was too embarrassing, which made him a little afraid to
face Shen Xuanqing.
One of the two was timid and the other was sulking, and
they didn't speak.
Suddenly, the puppy lying on Lu Gu's shoe fell to the
ground and rolled, screaming in shock. Lu Gu was picked up from the chair by
Shen Xuanqing. Fortunately, the water in his bowl was finished, otherwise it
would sprinkle all over.
The door of the room was kicked shut with a
"bang", which made Lu Gu's heart skipped a beat, and before he could
react, he was put on the bed.
Shen Xuanqing put the bowl on the table beside him, he
was so depressed that he was stubborn, and he didn't had anything to say, so he
just laid his body on Lu Gu's body.
Lu Gu didn't know what happened to Shen Xuanqing, he thought
he was going to do that again, he couldn't help being nervous, but Shen
Xuanqing pressed on him and didn't move for a long time, as if he didn't mean
that.
After a while, Shen Xuanqing finally made a move. The
young man had a good face. He lost his temper with Fulang for no reason. He kissed
the side of the neck several times.
Shen Xuanqing sat up and stopped pressing Lu Gu.
Although they were married, they still didn't understand the words love. He
scratched his head and couldn't think of any affectionate words, and finally
said dryly: "You, how about you take a rest."
Lu Gu was pure-hearted, saw him got up and left, and
gently closed the door, after thinking about it, he believed it was true,
thinking that Shen Xuanqing wanted him to had a rest before holding him in.
Shen Xuanqing was a good person, he once again
confirmed this point in his heart, and after thinking about it, a faint smile
appeared on his face, which he didn't even notice.
The river water had risen a bit. After Shen Xuanqing
cast his net, he saw Lu Gu squatting by the river digging wild vegetables. He
said something to him and then went to the northern forest to pick hickory
leaves.
After it rained, the water in the river was even
colder, and the coldness seemed to seep into the bones. Lu Gu's body was thin,
so he couldn’t bear it. So he would catch more drunk fish today, and he wouldn't
need to go into the water or his legs would be freezing cold. If you wanted to
eat fresh fish, just pick the net later.
Lu Gu saw that he went there empty-handed, and after
digging up the wild vegetables, he followed with a bamboo basket. It was convenient
to use a bamboo basket to hold the leaves.
The puppy had never seen a scene of drunken fish. The
fishing net was pulled up and it was quite fruitful. The fishes that hadn’t
fainted were flopping and slapping their tails on the bank. There were fresh
and fat river prawns in the net. The puppy was running and jumping, barking, feeling
excited.
After the fishing net was pulled up, there were still many
fishes in the river, so Shen Xuanqing ran back to the yard and took a big deep
bamboo basket, picked up the fishes in the river with the bambbo basket in his
hand.
Lu Gu didn't care about the little wild vegetables in
the bamboo basket, let alone the ones in the fishing net, he put all the fishes
that Shen Xuanqing threw on the bank into the bamboo basket, and he didn't take
any fishes that were too small, so he threw them downstream with all his
strength, otherwise they would still be dead. It would be picked up by Shen
Xuanqing's bamboo basket.
The rain stopped last night, and it was still a bit
cloudy today. The sun came out for a while, and the river was icy cold. They
dragged their fishing nets and carried bamboo baskets on their backs and ran for
two or three times to bring the fishes back to the yard. Lu Gu boiled hot
water, otherwise there were so many fishes, the hands would be frozen when killing
them, at least you could use warm water to soak your hands in the yard to warm
them up.
There were fewer people catching fish in the deep
mountains, and there were more big fish than in the village. Hundreds of fish
filled the barrels and basins, and there were many river shrimps.
As soon as Lu Gu came back, he went to the kitchen to
boil water. Even if he had seen this kind of harvest joy once, it would still
make people felt happy. Almost every fishes was longer than his hand. could you
be unhappy? So many fishes were dried in the sun , enough for six of them to
survive the winter.
Shen Xuanqing went into the kitchen to get the knife,
Lu Gu couldn't hide the joy on his face, he sat on the small stool in front of
the stove and looked up at Shen Xuanqing, his eyes sparkling. Like the galaxy
at night.
Shen Xuanqing had studied, but at this moment he was still
speechless, and could only think of the most common stars.