77 Part

Chapter 77
The
balm had some special effects, neither too much nor too strong, which made Lu
Gu clearly felt the difference in his body. He was almost ashamed to death, but
he couldn't control his voice, and immediately covered his mouth tightly.
But he gradually loosened his grip and made a sound
that made Shen Xuanqing blush. After all, it was no better at home than on the
mountain.
Lu Gu's hands were exhausted, but fortunately Shen
Xuanqing reached out from behind and covered his mouth for him.
After being covered by that powerful hand over his
mouth, Lu Gu felt a little at ease, and tried his best to endure everything. It
was obviously winter, even though the coldness came in from the outside because
of the current situation, the bed was still so hot that he wanted to stretch
his hands and feet outside to cool off..
The moon in the sky was covered by the clouds, and it
suddenly fell into darkness.
In the early morning, the door squeaked, and the
coldness hit the face. People couldn't help shrinking their necks, rubbing
their hands and face, and then took the firewood to the kitchen to boil water.
The puppy got off the sack, yawned and stretched
himself, and ran into the kitchen with a "wow".
"Brother Daqing, you got up so early." Shen
Yan got up and heard the movement in the kitchen, and when she came over, she
saw Shen Yaoqing, she thought it was Lu Gu who was busy in the kitchen.
"It's not that your sister-in-law said she was
thirsty. She drank little water yesterday afternoon." Shen Yaoqing added the
firewood to the bottom of the stove. Unable to bear something rubbing his feet,
he pushed the puppy aside.
Seeing that there was no white steam coming from the
side of the pot, Shen Yan said: "It's still early, wait until it's boiled
for sister-in-law to drink, then put a few steamed buns on the shelf to warm
up."
"Okay, I see. "Shen Yaoqing agreed.
It was too cold outside, and the water was not boiled
and there was no way to wash, so Shen Yan went back to the room.
With the crowing of the cock and the barking of the
dog, the entire Qingxi Village woke up one after another, and the voices of
every house gradually increased.
It was cold in winter, it was not easy to get up, and he
went to bed late last night, so when Lu Gu woke up, he couldn't help but linger
in the bed.
"Don't worry, brother has boiled the water."
Shen Xuanqing came in from outside, and closed the door when he saw that he was
about to get dressed.
After seeing Shen Xuanqing, Lu Gu recalled what
happened last night, his face and ears blushed, he lowered his head and didn’t
dare to look.
No matter how stupid he was, he still knew that the
balm last night was different, otherwise he wouldn't be like that. he didn't
know where Shen Xuanqing got it, he was so dishonest.
Seeing him like this, Shen Xuanqing didn't know why, so
he gave a fake cough and pretended not to remember anything, and said,
"The weather is bad today, and it's still windy outside, so wear more."
Lu Gu didn't speak, just nodded to indicate that he
knew.
"I'm going to change the water for tang pozi so
it’s always hot under the quilt." Shen Xuanqing walked over and said, he
took out tang pozi from the end of the bed.
At this moment, Lu Gu also got dressed and got out of
bed, after that he rubbed his hot face before bending over to fold the bed.
Breakfast at home was always simple, steamed buns with
pickles were enough to fill you up, today they cooked an extra egg for Ji
Qiuyue.
After eating, Lu Gu swept the courtyard clean, and the
tables, chairs and benches in the main room were also swept with a feather
duster. The chickens, ducks, and geese were fed, so there was no need for him
to go there again.
After finishing his busy work and having nothing else
to do, Shen Xuanqing called him and Shen Yan to study.
The wind was getting stronger, it was really cold, and
it was too cold for the hands to be exposed outside when they wrote, so they
lit a brazier in the main room, brought Tang Pozi and put it on the table, and
covered their hands with it when it was cold, otherwise they would get
frostbite. The two of them didn't need to take the examination, and they didn't
need to be like the poor students who didn’t dare to relax and neglect their
bodies all the time.
Because they were serious, Shen Xuanqing even saved the
ruler (for the punishment).
The brazier was lit, and Wei Lanxiang came over with a
sewing basket and sat down. She took out soft cotton cloth to make the soles.
She couldn't use the
rags
to
make the tiger-head shoes for the baby, it was too hard, and the linen was not
good. So she bought some cotton cloth and colored embroidery thread.
She knew how to make tiger-head shoes, and bought more
embroidery thread specially to embroider some flower patterns on the uppers of
the shoes on both sides. This was her first grandson, so the shoes must be
beautiful. The tiger-head shoes they made were inferior, who let those people
hug their grandsons to show off in front of her, and the one with a rotten
tongue chewed the root of his tongue behind her back, saying that Ji Qiuyue
couldn't give birth.
Tiger-head shoes in the countryside usually only
embroidered the front of the shoes. Although her embroidery work was not as
delicate as Lu Gu's, she still could do a few patterns. As long as the colorful
embroidery was bright on the tiger-head shoes of the little baby, it would look
good.
Ji Qiuyue didn't know the energy she was holding back
in her heart. When she saw that her mother in law was going to embroider tiger-head
shoes, she also moved a chair and sat by the brazier. The mother-in-law and
daughter-in-law discussed in a low voice how to do and how to embroider.
It was cold, and they had to make a few
pairs of thick shoes for the baby. The red ones were not very good-looking. It
was better to buy some yellow cloth. As long as it was a warm and bright color,
children would have no taboos in wearing it.