39 Part

Chapter 39
Qingxi
River flowed out of the mountains, moistened the earth wherever it went, and
flowed to unknown distances.
In the wide section of the river in the distance, the boats
could be seen swaying. From a distance, it looked small. It really looked like the
flat boat that people said. Both people and poultry needed to rely on the boats
to cross the river.
There was a bridge in the narrow section of the stream,
this bridge was called Liangzhang Bridge, Lu Gu walked across the bridge with
Shen Xuanqing carrying a small bamboo basket on his back.
Niujia village was on the other side of the Qingxi
River, far away. It took almost 35 minutes to walk along the river bank to the
Liangzhang Bridge. Most of the villages and towns here were built along the river.
Fork the road and turn to the southwest avenue, followed the avenue, Fenggu
Town was in the front, but after getting off the bridge, according to what Shen
Xuanqing said, you would reach Niujia village after one more village.
There was a flood of people on and off the bridge, peddlers
carrying loads and yelling, there were needles, threads, knives, groceries,
fruit, cakes, and biscuits. The woman with the basket led the child, and the
child stretched out his hand to eat candied haws, and his arm was grabbed by
the woman and they hurried down the bridge.
The bearer carried a small sedan chair onto the bridge
from the opposite side, and the curtain of the sedan chair window was gently
pushed aside, and the fulang sitting in the sedan chair looked out.
The gray-haired but elegant old lady wore a black
embroidered forehead band on her forehead. She was riding a donkey led by a
half-grown boy in the front, and the donkey's hooves pattered to her house.
Liangzhang Bridge was similar to the bustle of the
town. There was a big market on the first and fifteenth day of the Lunar New
Year, and people from all over the world would come to the market to buy and
sell things.
The ships on both sides of the bridge were unloading.
Shen Xuanqing used to carry large bales and unload timber here, so he was quite
familiar with the surrounding area.
The candied haws seller passed by with a pile of wood
on his shoulders. Lu Gu had never been to Fenggu Town for few times before, let
alone come here. He was watching curiously, when he heard Shen Xuanqing yelling
to stop the candied haws seller.
Seeing a customer coming to ask, the peddler grinned
and asked courteously: "A string is three copper coin, how many strings do
you want?"
"One string is fine, pick a big one." Shen
Xuanqing took out a new purse embroidered with tiger patterns from his bosom.
It was sewn by Lu Gu when he was free these days. It was given to him the night
before, and when he went out today, just put it on.
"Okay." As soon as the peddler collected the
money, he took a piece from the pile. The size of his pile was fairly uniform,
otherwise it would be difficult to sell if he was picked on.
Shen Xuanqing put the purse in his arms, but didn't
intend to take it, so the peddler handed it to Lu Gu.
There were eight red fruit wrapped in sugar syrup.
People often sold this thing in the streets and alleys of the town, but country
people didn’t buy it easily. Where they got so much spare money? Besides, it was
a favorite food for children, and some adults still hated the sour of hawthorn.
The peddler left, Lu Gu looked up at Shen Xuanqing with
the sticks of candied haws in his hand, his eyes worried and cautious.
"Let's eat." Shen Xuanqing said.
A bunch of candied haws was not a precious thing. Liangzhang
bridge was like a small fair. It was nothing to buy a snack for his fulang.
When he was young, he went to the fair with his family to eat delicious food.
When he went to the big market he bought what he loved the most and when he
returned to the village he ate it together with his peers.
For the country folks whose circumstances were not bad,
it seemed necessary to go to the market to buy something that they didn't
usually eat.
Shen Xuanqing walked down the bridge, Lu Gu took a half
step behind and followed him, he hesitated before biting into the red fruit on
the top, it was wrapped in sugar syrup and very sweet, the bit of the flesh of
the fruit was sour, he tasted it and thought it was not good to eat alone, so he
turned his head and asked in a low voice: "Do you want to eat?"
Before he finished speaking, the candied haws were
passed to Shen Xuanqing.
"No, you eat." Shen Xuanqing didn't like candied
haws very much.
After the two got off the bridge, it was still
bustling. The fortune-teller who set up a stall twisted his beards to explain
his hexagrams, and all kinds of snacks were fragrant. There were many people
sitting in the tavern and teahouse. When he saw the pancakes seller, Shen
Xuanqing paused and went to buy it, he  ordered two pancakes, which cost six copper
coins.
The hot shortbread was wrapped with a small piece of
oil paper, and could be eaten in the hand. The pancake was not big, but it was
better since it was oily, crispy and soft. Shen Xuanqing gave one to Lu Gu, and
the other one was settled by himself in three bites.
With something to eat in both hands, Lu Gu didn't know which
one to eat first. After making a choice, he finished the pancake first,
otherwise it would be cold.
He couldn't help looking at Shen Xuanqing when he was
eating, even when his mother was around, he never bought him two delicious
foods once, filling both hands.
After being cautiously startled, an indescribable joy
surged up, making his eyes brighten when he looked at Shen Xuanqing, but
gradually, there was an inexplicable sourness quietly permeating his heart and
eye sockets, he never thought that there would be someone who treated him as
well as his mother and bought more things than his mother.
So when Shen Xuanqing turned his head, he saw that his
little fulang’s eyes were wet, showing a bit of pity. He was shocked, but he
couldn't figure it out. He didn't know what happened, why he cried, and asked
immediately: "What's wrong? Why are you crying?"
Hearing this, Lu Gu shook his head subconsciously,
meaning it was nothing. He thought for a while before saying, "It's a
little sour."
Shen Xuanqing glanced at the candied haws he was about
to eat in his hand, and felt relieved. You couldn’t buy this one next time, the
hawthorn could make people shed tears, he said: “Don’t eat it if it’s too
sour.”
Lu Gu’s sourness was the sourness in his heart, but he
didn’t know how to express his emotions. He still felt embarrassed when he say
it, and he was afraid of being scolded as a mourning ghost. In addition, those
emotions would be broken as soon as he opened his mouth. He was too embarrassed
to explain. He had to say it quickly: "It's not sour, there's only one
left."
Shen Xuanqing thought it was a pity for him, but he
couldn't grab it and threw it away, so he didn't say anymore.