79 Part 12

It
was windy, it was a problem to be stuck here, so he walked home while talking,
and Lu Gu came back with him..
Seeing that Lu Gu was only flustered but not afraid,
and he was not injured, Shen Xuanqing didn't worry too much, he said: "I
bought a lot of tofu today, and we can make fried tofu, fried spicy tofu or
tofu soup. I also bought bean curd, cut into shreds, stir-fried hot and cold. There
is also bean curd buns in Brother Yang Xian’s tavern. If you want to eat, you
can try to make it, it doesn’t matter if it’s not wrapped well. "
Shen Xuanqing put the small bamboo basket on the
chopping board, he didn't go out and waited for Lu Gu's words.
"The Zhang family beat someone again." Lu
Gu's voice was very low, and he told the truth about Xiao Zhang's being beaten
up and ran away to the mountain. Because of his trust and dependence on Shen
Xuanqing, he finally told Shen Xuanqing that he gave her two steamed buns from
his family.
Afraid that Shen Xuanqing would say that he stole
steamed buns for others, he lowered his head while talking, didn’t dare to look
at him.
It turned out to be like this, Shen Xuanqing guessed
what he was thinking when he saw him like this, he sighed helplessly, and said:
"This is our family, you can take as many steamed buns as you want, who say
you can't do it?"
Our family.
Lu Gu raised his head, his eyes and nose were a little
sore, it could be seen that Shen Xuanqing was smiling, so he didn't want to
cry. He only stretched out his hand and pinched the corner of Shen Xuanqing's
clothes. After he recovered, he said: "She doesn’t dare to go back, I let
her hide behind the house, and said that I will bring her some food at
noon."
His fulang looked at him with hopeful eyes, and Shen
Xuanqing thought that if he didn't agree, what kind of a man he was? Besides, Xiao
Zhang was pitiful, if he could help, he would help, and Lu Gu did nothing wrong,
so he said "Okay, it's up to you, I will help to go around the door of
Zhang's house and see if those two are calm down."
"Okay. " Lu Gu clenched the corner of his
clothes again, and promised obediently.
After the meal for lunch was ready, Lu Gu looked out of
the kitchen. No one came, so he took a steamed bun, broke it open, and put a
piece of fried meat in it. It was fried for Ji Qiuyue so he didn't dare to add
more, let alone the meat was sliced not too small. He took another steamed bun
and put a slice of pickle in it, and when he was about to put them in the pot,
Wei Lanxiang came in, wanting to see if the meal was ready.
"Mother." Lu Gu shouted timidly, he kept his
eyes open and didn’t dare to move.
Wei Lanxiang wondered: "It's not time to eat, why are
you still putting it in the pot?"
"I, I..." Lu Gu stuttered and found an
excuse, he said, "I'll keep it to eat when I'm hungry."
He looked restless, she knew thet there was something,
Wei Lanxiang glanced at the two steamed buns, both of them was stuffed with
something, no matter what happened to their house, there would be no shortage
of food for Lu Gu to eat, and she never saw Lu Gu ate something because he felt
hungry after lunch.
After thinking about it for a while, she smiled and
said, "Okay, it will hot if you put it in the pot, you can cover two more
if you like to eat, it's up to you."
After finished speaking, Wei Lanxiang went out with two
bowls of soup, and called Shen Yan as she walked.
Lu Gu paused on the spot, thinking that he shouldn’t
have been noticed. Hearing Shen Yan's footsteps, he put the steamed buns into
the pot before she came in.
After eating, under the cover of Shen Xuanqing, Lu Gu
sneaked out of the house with two steamed buns, and went to the back of the
house to find someone.
The stewed tofu with cabbage had a lot of water, if it
was stuffed in the steamed buns, it would dirty his clothes when he put them in
his arms, so after thinking about it, he stuffed the steamed buns with a piece
of meat and a pickle.
The Shen family didn't persuade others, Wei Lanxiang
saw it clearly, her heart was like a mirror, but she didn't expose it, so she
let it go, in the winter, at any rate, it was someone’s life after all.
The wind blew from time to time, Li Wanyun hid behind
the houses of Shen's and Miao's houses, she didn't dare to go to Zhang's house,
she stamped her feet and rubbed her hands in the cold. She had to be on guard
in case someone came over, it would be fine if it wasn't Zhang Zhengzi, if it
was him, she had to run quickly, but she probably knew that Zhang Zhengzi would
not come out to look for her in such a cold day.
When Lu Gu found her, she had combed her hair well, and
it was no longer loose, but because there was no comb, the hair was very rough.
Water was hard to get, but there was snow everywhere on
the ground, and you could stuff it into your mouth, you could grab it from the
ground where no one had stepped on it.
Li Wanyun took a big mouthful of hot steamed buns, and
before swallowing them, she opened her eyes wide and looked at Lu Gu in
amazement, and said inarticulately, "Meat."
"The other one has pickles." Lu Gu said in
low voice, seeing her ate so happily, he felt that it was worth it even if he
went back to be scolded for this piece of meat.
Before leaving, he said again: "You hide first, Erqing
said he will walk around the Zhang’s door later to see if their anger
subsides."
Li Wanyun hadn’t finished swallowing the steamed buns,
and when she heard Shen Xuanqing's name, she wanted to ask how he could help. It
could be seen that Lu Gu's eyes were clear, she had never heard the two sons of
the second room of the Shen family beating their wives, and she her heart was
pounding and she nodded gratefully when she couldn't speak.
The wind was cold, and the Shen family members were all
sitting on the bed, with Tang pozi under the blanket, it was much warmer than
outside.
It was the same after Lu Gu came back, Shen Xuanqing
entered the room after a while.
"Zhang Zhengzi went to Dayang's house to drink. If
he is not drunk, he probably won't come back. It's fine if he is drunk, if he
is drunk he will fall asleep when he goes back. He can't move even if he wants
to, while his mother is weak and she can't beat anyone."
The
family was so close, and they were the same age, Shen Xuanqing was very clear
about Zhang Zhengzi's virtues, he was lazy and liked to drink, and he always came
back drunk and full of nonsense. Going to drink in a leisurely way, this was
because he didn't care about Xiao Zhang's life and death at all.