38 Part

Chap
ter 38
In the chestnut grove, which
was deep and untouched by people, there were a lot of hairy chestnuts on the
ground. Gray-brown squirrels came down from the trees to look for food, stuffed
the chestnuts into their mouths and bring them back to their nests to store it
for the winter. Not only squirrels, mice and voles also hid the chestnuts
and hazelnuts in their holes.
There were quite a lot of these things in the deep
forest, and people had to pick them up quickly
while there were still on the ground, otherwise they would either break or be
taken back by them.
It was the first time for Lu Gu to come to this
chestnut grove, and he saw a layer of hairy chestnuts on the ground, which was
much more than the previous mountain, so he took off the bamboo basket and
began to pick it up, picking the heavy ones, the flesh of the chestnuts inside
was watery and sweet, the small ones didn’t matter if it was light, it would be
better to fill the basket after a while, and when he picked it up, there were
ripe chestnuts that fell from the tree and landed on the ground with a clatter.
When they came, they brought the dogs along, and
squirrels and voles hid vigilantly early on, occasionally poking their heads
out of trees or holes. They were very cautious and looked at those with people
with bad eyes.
Shen Xuanqing saw a squirrel with a big tail in the
tree, but he didn't hit it, he just bent down to pick the chestnuts, but two
small dogs were sniffing around in the woods, or digging holes, in the hole a
mouse could be heard screaming, but it didn’t escape the pursuit of the dogs,
and even the hazelnuts and chestnuts stored in the hole were dug out.
Hearing the movement, Shen Xuanqing saw that there was
a fat field mouse in the dog's mouth, not the slender and annoying mouse, so he
stopped caring about the small dogs and roasted it for them later. As for
the things in the field mouse hole, no one took them, there were so many on the
ground.
Like the things in the mouse hole, they usually dug out
when there was nothing to eat, or if they couldn’t find chestnuts in the mountain,
there would be children and dogs to dig the hole. Anyway, they had to be
shelled, so took them back and washed them, It didn't get dirty after washing.
Children were greedy and playful, and digging holes was
fun. As for adults, these squirrels and voles in the mountains had to spend the
winter, they wouldn’t starve to death since it was not a famine year, and there
was no shortage of food, so let them have a way to survive.
The five people carried five bamboo baskets and two big
sacks. They filled them up after picking them in the
grove for a long time. In such a large grove of
chestnuts, there were still some chestnuts that hadn’t fallen from the trees.
They were the only ones here to pick them up. One time was enough for them this
year, and they didn’t have to worry about whether the squirrels were enough to
eat.
Except for the one on Shen Yan's back, the bamboo
baskets were all big bamboo baskets, which were quite heavy when they were
full, and they had to take turns carrying the sacks. Shen Xuanqing carried the
bamboo baskets on his back and carried the sacks, it was even heavier, and they
had to rest after walking for a while. Wei Lanxiang and the others were used to
pick up in the mountains, so they didn’t think it was too rare, but Lu Gu was
different.
When he was in Lu's house, he would follow Lu Daxiang
and the others to pick up chestnuts, but after taking them back, he didn't eat
much. He only ate it in the hillside when Du Hehua sent him out to look for
them, everyone in the village went to pick chestnuts, and he could find few,
but at least chestnuts didn’t need to be roasted or boiled, they could be eaten
after peeling. He still liked autumn very much, when chestnuts and wild fruits
were ripe , could satisfy his hunger, so that his chest wouldn’t stick to his
back.
So even though the bamboo basket was so heavy, he was
very happy, the more he found, the more he could eat.
The chestnut
grove was far away from the courtyard. They
set off in the morning and returned in the middle of the afternoon. They couldn't
run around in the mountains. It would be dangerous if they went far and didn’t
come back at night, so they only picked chestnuts today.
"It's a good day this year. There are so many wild
chestnuts. Let's take rest for today. Tomorrow, we will go pick the hazelnuts.
We will pull the cart over and push them back together, otherwise it will be
too heavy with only bamboo basket” Wei Lanxiang said while rubbing her shoulders.
"That's right, it's better to take the cart
tomorrow." Ji Qiuyue also said, they didn't pick up so many last year and
the year before, they were only full of bamboo baskets and a sack, but the year
before was about the same as this year.
After Lu Gu put down the bamboo basket, he went to
scoop up water to wash everyone's dirty hands.
After resting and eating, seeing Shen Yan coming
slowly, he asked her if she would go pick wild soapberries. After washing his
hands just now, there were only three left in the small basket, not too far
from the yard there was a big wild soapberries tree, from which he picked the
ones he sold in the town before.
They were going out to pick wild soapberries, Shen
Xuanqing took the dogs and followed, leaving Wei Lanxiang and Ji Qiuyue resting
in the room.
After all, Shen Yan was young, and her legs didn't feel
tired after recovering. Picking wild soapberries was just for fun for her, so
she was naturally happy.
The sun was heading to the west, but it was not evening
yet. About a quarter of an hour later, they arrived under the wild soapberries tree. Lu Gu, even the short Shen Yan went to pick the wild soapberries.
They picked the bigger wild soapberries. Shen Xuanqing
didn't climb the tree, so he stood under the tree and took a basket to pick
them up. He was tall, and it was very convenient to lift his arms up. Lu Gu
could pick it with Shen Yan and throw it into the basket.
The wild soapberries were round, like a fruit, but they
were not red. They were green from fruiting to falling. The wild soapberries that fell
on the ground were too ripe to rub out the white foam that could clean the hands
and hair. So no one would pick it from the ground, only from the tree.
This tree was big, and the wild soapberries it produced
were also big, only smaller than quail eggs, and one could last for two days,
so Lu Gu sold them well before.