111 28

Lu Gu ignored the two of them and went into the kitchen to light the stove. He grabbed two handfuls of young buds, washed them clean, and once the water in the pot was boiling, he poured the boiling water into the buds to blanch them. This was enough for him to eat alone.
There was half a bowl of chicken meat left over yesterday. The tender buds had a lighter taste when stir-fried, so he fried them together with the chicken meat. It would be good to finish the leftover meat so that Shen Xuanqing could eat fresh food when he came back in the evening.
After blanching the buds in water, they were no longer bitter and were tender and refreshing. Lu Gu ate them all by himself.
Stir fry young buds with chicken and rice were enough for him alone, after eating his stomach was warm and satisfied. For people who worked hard every day to make a living, being able to eat well was the happiest thing in the world.
After cleaning up the kitchen, Lu Gu rested in the room for a while. The puppy and Dabai were playing outside. With them around, there was no need to worry about wild animals breaking into the yard.
After a short nap, he carried a wooden bucket to the river to fetch water. He carried half a bucket of water but hadn't entered the yard yet when he saw the Sichuan pepper tree outside the house. He thought that he hadn't watered it since he came a few days ago, and he would have to rely on the tree to produce peppers in the future. These peppers alone would be enough for their family to eat for a year, so there was no need to exchange or buy more. So he put down the wooden bucket, took out a hoe, loosened the soil, and poured half a bucket of water on the tree roots.
Weeds could grow easily. There were weeds sprouted sparsely in the area where he and Shen Xuanqing had weeded before. Snakes and insects were most likely to hide in the grass. The two of them had weeded around the yard before. However, because he encountered a snake today, Lu Gu didn't put the hoe back after watering the pepper tree.
He first ran five times to fill the water tank with water, then he picked up the hoe leaning against the mud wall to dig up the weeds, and hoed the open space around the courtyard. If the ground was flat and there were no weeds, there would be no place for snakes, insects, rats, and ants to hide. Thinking of this, Lu Gu became more enthusiastic about weeding, and he was very busy alone.
The puppy was running around nearby. The trees around the yard had been cut down, leaving a large open space for the sun to shine through. Now there were only a few tree stumps that hadn't been dug out on the ground. The puppy was sniffing and urinating on the tree stumps to mark its territory and warn other living things.
Life in the mountains was never idle. After Lu Gu prepared dinner, he kept it in the pot for a while before waiting for Shen Xuanqing to come back.
"Sheep."
When he and the puppy ran outside, they saw Shen Xuanqing dragging a black-hoofed sheep back. He was immediately delighted. The sheep was alive, so they could keep it in the yard and there was no need to go down the mountain so quickly.
The black-hoofed sheep's front leg was injured, which happened to be its left leg, just like Dabai's. However, its injury was less serious and it could walk with a limp.
The puppy had always been smart and clever, and sometimes quite naughty. When he saw the black-hoofed sheep walking with a limp, he tilted his head as if thinking about something, and then he raised his left front leg and limped along, causing Shen Xuanqing to chuckle and kick him in the butt.
Lu Gu smiled with his eyes curved. After the puppy was kicked, he put down his left front leg, shook his fur, ran over and rubbed Lu Gu's leg.
"It's a ram, we didn't catch a female. Many female animals have their cubs now. They hide well and are smart." Shen Xuanqing told Lu Gu about his experience of a day outside.
Before he got married, he lived alone in the mountain. Now, there was someone waiting for him when he came back every day. Facing his fulang, even if he was a man of few words, he still wanted to tell Lu Gu about what he saw and what happened while he was hunting.
Hunting in spring was quite restricted, most likely the cubs wouldn't survive without their mothers, therefore hunters like him wouldn't hunt the female animals with cubs or pregnant animals during this period. For animals like sheep and deer, they would only hunt the male animals.
As for rabbits and pheasants, it wasn't a big deal, because there were plenty of rabbits and pheasants on the mountain, so it wouldn't be a big deal even if they killed female rabbits or pheasants.
"If we can catch a ewe, we won't sell this ram. We'll raise them at home and they can give birth to lambs in the future." Shen Xuanqing said with a smile.
Ever since he came up with the idea of ​​raising rabbits, he had been thinking about whether he could raise more other animals. He earned money from hunting in the mountains, and if he could catch these animals alive and raised them at home, let them give birth to cubs. If he raised more, he could earn another income.