107

River bank.
Shen Xuanqing rinsed the knife and iron plier in the water for a long time. Although killing the thief didn't cost him his life, it was possible only when the thief was caught with the stolen goods. Huang Da didn't steal anything today. It was him, Da Chen, and others who colluded to make an excuse to cause trouble. Without the stolen goods as evidence, it was naturally difficult to kill him.
The thief's feet were slippery and he often came out at night. He didn't have free time to squat in front of Huang Da's house, so he might as well beat him up while he was still in the village.
But Huang Da shouldn't have done anything like that, offending Lu Gu by saying dirty words and making irresponsible remarks.
The world now was not peaceful and secure. Let’s not talk about Lu Gu, his family still had Shen Yan, who hadn't got married. Shen Yan often brought the ducks at home to the river, and sometimes she was alone. Now that Shen Yan had grown up and would get married in two or three years, she had to be on guard when she went out.
It was this incident that reminded him. When Shen Yan went out, he would ask his family to follow her. He thought that two people were better than alone. Anyway, they were just watching the ducks behind the house. It was not far away, even Ji Qiuyue could accompany her.
This kind of lowly scum like Huang Da was a coward, but if he felt he couldn't protect himself, he would be extremely courageous at some point. There were several girls and shuang'ers who had grown up in the village, and all of them were from innocent and good families. Not to mention other men, this kind of idler man who was always restless and had bad intentions must be beaten first and let him get scared, at least he wouldn't dare to mess around in their Qingxi Village.
In fact, he never wanted to kill anyone. Who would be willing to take a human life? Besides, Ji Qiuyue was pregnant, and their family was going to have a new baby, so he couldn't kill him.
He cut Huang Da's tongue just to scare him. He only cut a little bit. Originally he felt he had vented his anger after breaking Huang Da's leg, but after Wei Lanxiang told Shen Yaoqing the incident again, he remembered the disgusting words Huang Da said to Lu Gu, and the more he thought about it, the more he felt that he let him off lightly. Moreover, Huang Da fainted after his legs were broken. He didn't know if this person had enough brains to learn from his mistakes, so he just came over to have a look, in case his nature was hard to change, and he had to deal with it again.
When he came over, he actually heard Huang Da scolding him behind his back, and he couldn't help but deal with it.
Shen Xuanqing held the short knife and iron plier and swung them in the river. The water splashed and the dirt was washed away. Then he picked up the wet knife and iron plier and stood up. He shook off the water drops on his hands and walked home.
After he was fifteen years old, he rarely fought with others. The last fight was at the Lu family. The Lu family embezzled his family's twenty taels of silver. Due to the power of the Li family, he could only endure it. However Du Hehua was too aggressive and cursed him. He got angry and broke Lu Daxiang's leg. Since he couldn't get the money back, naturally he couldn't let the Lu family enjoy it for food and drink, and medicine for injuries was the most expensive.
A few days ago, he heard someone tell a joke about the Lu family. Lu Daxiang's lame leg hadn't healed yet, because the money was in Du Hehua's hands, and she was unwilling to spend more money to treat his lame leg. The two of them had originally been united in mistreating Lu Gu, but now they had a small quarrel every three days and a big quarrel every five days over money. It had become a common laughing matter in Anjia Village.
The reason why Du Hehua dared to argue with Lu Daxiang and refused to back down was because of Lu Wen. She always told others about her son-in-law all the time and showed off in Anjia Village that she had a rich and powerful son-in-law. However Lu Wen was just a concubine. Not to mention Old Lady Zhang (Li Mingshan's mother), even Li Mingshan had never been to Anjia Village once. They didn't regard them as their mother-in-law or relatives at all. Not all country people were stupid, and those who knew the truth laughed at her behind her back.
As soon as he turned into the village, Shen Xuanqing saw the puppy playing with the dogs. There were more people, so he put the knife and iron plier behind his waist without deliberately exposing them.
"Woof!" The puppy ran over excitedly, his ears dangled, and he seemed to be having fun.
"Where have you been?" Lu Gu asked as soon as he came in and put the rabbit cage on the ground.
"I took a walk by the river." Shen Xuanqing replied, there was no need to tell Lu Gu about those dirty things.
Rabbits often stayed in the woodshed. They were taken out to see the sun every few days and leave them in a semi-shady place to allow them to take a breath of fresh air, otherwise it would be too damp.
The six little rabbits that were born last winter were already half-grown. The nests were thickly padded and a brazier was lit during the coldest period. They all survived. Together with the three living rabbits caught during this period, there were a total of eleven rabbits, including the old rabbits. It was a lot. Lu Gu stuffed them with grass and looked up at Shen Xuanqing after he was done.
"What's wrong?" He felt something strange, and he had a worried look on his face.
Shen Xuanqing smiled and said, "It's okay, it's just that my hair is dirty and I want you to boil some water."
It turns out to be this, boiling water is not difficult.
Seeing the bright smile on his face, Lu Gu also curved his eyes and smiled faintly.