41 Part 29

Lu Gu’s big plan to accumulate rations hadn’t been
completed yet, so he went down the mountain with Shen Xuanqing. The autumn rice
was ripe, so they had to cut it back as soon as the weather was good, otherwise
the rice would be too ripe and fall into the field, and it would be difficult
to pick it up .
The sun was shining at noon, and almost no one in the
village with paddy fields went back to eat. It was enough for the whole family
to go back to cook, and the rest continued to cut rice, and sat on the ridge of
the field to rest, ate and drank when the food and water were delivered.
Shen Xuanqing's family originally had five acres of
paddy fields and five acres of dry fields, which were earned by Shen Shunfu's
hard work when he was young. In the village, it could be said that there were
many fields, and there was no barren land. Sold two acres of paddy fields and
three acres of dry fields.
After paying off the debt this summer, Shen Yaoqing
thought about buying a few more acres, but if Wei Lanxiang wanted to marry off
Shen Xuanqing, she didn't have too much money in her hand, so she put it aside
and saved it later.
The three acres of paddy fields had a bumper harvest,
and the two acres of dry land have already harvested autumn beans and then planted
winter wheat. Recently, there was no need to worry too much. Harvesting autumn
rice was a big deal.
Lu Gu stepped into the mud and bent over to cut the
rice. His body was covered with a lot of muddy water. The sun was very hot.
After cutting for a while, he straightened up slowly, wiped the sweat on his
forehead with his sleeve, and looked forward. The images of people coming out
of the village were Shen Yan and Ji Qiuyue.
"Mother, take a break." From a distance, Ji
Qiuyue yelled, she and Shen Yan both carried baskets filled with water and
food.
Wei Lanxiang straightened up when she heard the voice, she
said, "Breakfast is here, take a rest."
Shen Xuanqing and Shen Yaoqing cut quickly, and they
were already ahead. Lu Gu wanted to catch up with them, but Wei Lanxiang told
him to stop, and to work again when he was full and strong. It was early in the
morning, so he had to take a break.
Ji Qiuyue warmed up a lot of steamed buns, fried loach
and eel with oil, brought pickled vegetables, and fried a dish. During the busy
farming season, people must be full and had enough oil and water, otherwise
they would be hungry quickly after work.
The loach and eel were caught by Shen Yaoqing before
the water in the paddy field was cut off, and some autumn rice fish were kept
in the pots at home, and they were eaten immediately after catching them,
without having to buy meat.
She and Shen Yan also sat on the ground to eat
together, filled a bamboo tube with a lot of water, and made a bowl of brown
sugar water for the whole family to share.
"This year's harvest is good. After the harvest is
over, let's go to the town to eat." Wei Lanxiang looked at the golden rice
with joy in her eyes. After so long in the sun, her face was red and there were
some wrinkles on her face. But the face was kind, and the smile on the slightly
weathered face revealed a bit of kindness.
"That's for sure." Ji Qiuyue swallowed the steamed
buns in her mouth and said: "I don't want to talk about the back, I just
washed the rice, I will steam it and eat dry rice at night, and we will have
more strength tomorrow."
Dry rice naturally was better than rice porridge with added
water, and it filled the stomach. Their family was not bad, and many families
in the countryside could only eat a dry rice during the busy farming season.
"Hey." Wei Lanxiang nodded her head in
agreement, she must eat better after work.
In the joy of the rice harvest in the past few days,
the three-acre paddy field was cut, and it was pulled to the grain field by a
cart to dry.
Since it was early, Wei Lanxiang made up his mind, went
back to wash and rest his feet, and went to the town for lunch in the
afternoon, they would come back in the evening after eating.
Meat could be eaten even at home, but restaurants were different.
Everyone in the Shen family had smiles on their faces, even Lu Gu looked
forward to it, he had never eaten anything in the restaurants and taverns.