50 Part 3

On the bed, Shen Xuanqing didn't fall asleep for a
while, turned over and hugged Lu Gu in his arms, and then felt satisfied and
comfortable. When he couldn't talk back just now, he thought that Lu Gu would
be frightened.
Lu Gu's eyes were indeed a little flustered, but he
didn't say anything, even after thinking about it, Lu Gu had never told him
that he was afraid, and trembling with fear, he couldn’t speak. He thought
about it, sighed slightly, hugged the person in his arms and gradually fell
asleep.
The next day, after Shen Xuanqing left, Lu Gu went back
to the courtyard, closed the door and tried to move the tree trunk. It was
really difficult, but he could move it, so he felt much more relieved.
It was still early, and the dew outside was a bit
heavy. He didn’t let the chickens and ducks out. After sweeping the house and
the sun came out, he moved the bamboo plaques out from the main room. The
mushrooms and goji berries he picked yesterday were dried before they could be
put up.
The
puppy who was sleeping on the sack woke up, no longer curled up into a ball of
fluffy meat, he yawned, stood up and stretched, then shook his round and fat
body and walked towards Lu Gu , barking and rubbing against Lu Gu's legs, it
was time to eat.
Lu
Gu broke a steamed bun for him, and a few pieces of cooked rabbit meat. Dahui
and the others like to eat the cooked ones. After the meat was cooked, the puppy
also ate with them together. Lu Gu gave the remaining pieces to him, put it
into the basin and poured water into the nearby dog
​​bowl.
The
puppy put his head down and picked the meat to eat first. He could eat meat
every two or three days, and he was really well-raised. Seeing that he was
eating fast, Lu Gu couldn't help touching his head. The puppy was taught not to
be too protective of his food, so he allowed Lu Gu to touch him.
When
the sun was high, it was time to let the chickens and ducks out to graze. Lu Gu
went to the backyard. The dwarf deer was still tied in a corner, lying on the
ground. When people came, he raised his head vigilantly. Lu Gu saw that it was
still alive. He didn’t need to worry, as for the leg injury, Shen Xuanqing said
it didn't matter, and he would change the medicine when he came
back.
After
driving the chickens and ducks to the fence outside the yard, Lu Gu pulled a
bundle of grass before going back. Both the long-tailed pheasant in the woodshed
and the dwarf deer in the backyard had to be fed. The long-tailed pheasant
could fly by flapping its wings. Shen Xuanqing was worried, so he locked the
pheasant in the woodshed.
The
pheasant was alright, Lu Gu thought that if he wanted to raise the dwarf deer,
he had to feed it, otherwise it would be a pity for such a fat prey to be bred
and sold. He still remembered the first time Shen Xuanqing took him to the town
Although the dwarf deer was different from the sika deer, the young deer price
was worth some money.
He asked last night, and Shen Xuanqing said that the
dwarf deer ate both grass and leaves. He pulled out different grasses and went
back to see which kind of grass the dwarf deer like to eat, but the dwarf deer
was wary, and it didn’t move its mouth much in front of him, so he had to carry
the basket to pick dipicai first.
Lu Gu was picking dipicais around the courtyard. He
didn't walk too far, and the courtyard door was still open. The puppy followed
him all the time, running, dancing and having fun.
After picking up a basket of dipicai, Lu Gu sat in the
yard and cleaned it, washed it twice with water, and spread it on a bamboo
plaque to dry when it was clean.
After finishing all this, he didn't stop to work. He
carried a bamboo basket and took a short hoe to dig the tianwogen (
甜窝根
,
sweet root
).
At the bottom of the hill not far away, there were several clumps of tianwogen.
The fibrous root was broken off and only the bottom large root was left.
Because he was not far away, he didn't lock the door,
and let the puppy follow him. He dug tianwogen and the puppy helped him to dig
the soil when he saw it, but he was so excited that he splashed the soil all
over Lu Gu.
"Okay, okay, I'll come, you dig here." Lu Gu said
and carried him to the side to avoid trouble.
The tianwogens here were quite big, almost as big as
his fist. Lu Gu squatted on the ground, he dug out some tianwogens and put them
into the bamboo basket.
More than 20 tianwogens were dug out from these clumps,
and Lu Gu didn't want the ones that were too small. He didn't stop until he had
dug up all the ones here.
He saw a lot of sour red fruits in the grass. People
didn't eat them very much, but Shen Xuanqing said that the dwarf deer preferred
them. The bamboo baskets were full with tianwogens with soil. The sour red
fruits were too small, so he even cut off the branches, got a bunch of them
back.
After returning, he went to the backyard to have a
look. The dwarf deer ate the grass, and the rest probably didn't like it very
much. Now he knew what kind of grass to plant.
Throwing the sour red fruit to the dwarf deer, Lu Gu
didn't care about it, went to the front yard to wash three tianwogens, put a
mixed-flour steamed bun in the pot, and lit the fire to steam it.
Tianwogens were said to be sweet, but they didn’t
actually taste very sweet. They tasted delicious when they were steamed. Some
people dipped them in honey to make them sweeter. The golden honey that Shen
Xuanqing found before was still somewhat sweet.
With Shen Xuanqing not around, Lu Gu didn't dare to eat
too much. He opened the honey jar and looked at it, thinking that it would be
good to take some and rub it on tianwogen.
During the day, he was busy alone, digging things and
taking care of the chickens and ducks. When the ducks swam, Lu Gu sat on the
edge of the pond with bamboo strips in his arms and weaved bamboo plaques.
Don't
be too distracted if you want to do more delicate work.
No one talked to him, he just thought about things by
himself, there were not many bamboo strips, and when Shen Xuanqing was busy hunting
foxes, he had to chop some bamboo back, the bamboo plaques were small, and it
was convenient to dry the wolfberry and mushrooms, and poured them into the
cloth bag directly after drying, but he still had to weave a big bamboo mat to
dry a lot of wild vegetables.
When he was busy, he didn't feel anything, but at
night, the mountains and forests seemed extraordinarily quiet.
After fixing the courtyard door, Lu Gu sat in the
courtyard and waited for a long time, afraid that if he closed the door, Shen
Xuanqing wouldn’t be able to enter the door if he came back.
The puppy stayed with him in the yard until the moon
was in the middle of the sky. There was no sound of people or dogs barking
outside. He looked up at the moon for a while before going back to his room to
sleep.