77 Part 53

The sky was getting darker, the snow was getting
heavier, the flakes of snow were like goose feathers, and the white hair wind
was blowing.
After eating, they couldn’t go out, and they had
nothing else to do, so the whole family sat around the brazier in the main
room. The door of the main room was half closed, leaving a small gap to see the
heavy snow outside.
Shen Xuanqing bought five acres of land, and the winter
wheat had already been planted. This was how they sold the fields here. Boss Lu
wanted to sell the land himself, not someone else to buy it. No matter what was
planted in his field, others didn't care about it, and only bought it according
to the number of acres.
The market price of an acre of fertile land fluctuated
around 5 taels, the highest price was not higher than five taels, which was
already the best price, some people would see if the person who sold the land
was in a hurry, and if they could lower the price, so the other party would
still sell it since they were in a hurry.
Because there were wheat seedlings in the field, the
wheat could be harvested in May next year. When Shen Shunfu had an accident, he
bought two medicinal plants from Boss Lu, and Boss Lu sold them to him at a low
price. The money he earned was the hard earned money from going to the mountains
to collect the herbs, that was why Shen Xuanqing didn't press down a single
coin today.
After the beginning of spring, Shen Xuanqing wanted to
go to the mountains. It would be fine if he was at home for spring plowing,
weeding and watering, but if he was not at home, only Shen Yaoqing could go.
The family discussed and decided that Shen Xuanqing's
five acres of wheat would be enough for a year's supply before selling it. The land
of the family was usually taken care of by Shen Yaoqing, and the money from the
sale was also his. There was no need to keep the wheat in the land, and all
could be sold.
Living together, there was nothing to suffer or not.
Now the rice and flour they ate were all grown by Shen Yaoqing, and they saved
enough food for six people and the rest was sold for money. In the future, Shen
Yaoqing would have to look after Shen Xuanqing's land. It didn't matter if you
worked hard, life was better to complement each other.
Outside, it was snowing and windy, and the firewood in
the brazier was crackling softly, and the firelight was reflected on the faces
of a group of people. They felt hot after eating, and their clothes were thick,
full and warm.
After chatting for a while, the door of the main room
was blown open by a gust of wind, and the snow splashed, blowing coldly on the
body.
Shen Yaoqing, who was the closest to the door, hurried
to close it. Wei Lanxiang said: "Sit on the bed since it's so cold. Once
the door is closed, Tang pozi will warm you up. After sitting here for a long
time, your legs and feet are cold."
The firewood in the brazier was almost burned, and Shen
Xuanqing wanted to add a few firewood, but he didn't do anything after hearing
the words, and went back to the room.
The windows in the house used the paper, and Shen
Yaoqing thickened the paper before the winter, allowing some light to shine
through.
Listening to the wind outside, Lu Gu sat on the bed and
covered his legs with the quilt, with the warm Tang pozi inside, he didn’t feel
cold at all.
When he had nothing to do, he moved the small kang
table up, and put a sewing basket for easy access, so he was not afraid of
tipping over.
Shen Xuanqing came in from the outside, holding a bowl
in his hand, he ran to Wei Lanxiang's room to grab the red dates and dried
persimmons, and put the bowl on the kang table.
Lu Gu was embroidering with an embroidery frame, and he
sat and watched him while whispering a few words from time to time, seeing Lu
Gu's eyes drooping while he was doing embroidery work, his side face was
shining, he really couldn't hold back, he went over to steal a scent, and after
kissing, he was still a little bit reluctant, so he kissed him several times,
but even if Lu Gu wanted to hide, he didn't dodge it.
He was bold when he was kissed, but he felt embarrassed
after the kiss, but the smile on his face never diminished.
When eating in the afternoon, it was windy and snowy
outside, but inside the house was very happy. The whole family sat around the
medicine stove. The mouth of the Youzhong ladle was wide, so they filled it
with the bone sticks and some broth and put it on the medicine stove to a
simmer.
The bone sticks had been stewed for more than half an
hour, using large firewood, and the meat was so soft that you didn’t even need to
use chopsticks. Everyone could hold it in their hands, sprinkled some salt on
the meat and ate it. The meat was soft and rotten, it almost came down after
one sip in the mouth, and it didn't need the teeth at all. The bones stewed to
this extent could be eaten very clean.
The puppy kept barking when he smelled the meat. Shen
Xuanqing had always been kind to his dogs. He picked up a big bone with meat
and threw it to the four of them. The puppy stopped barking as soon as he
gnawed on the bones and meat.
Wei Lanxiang saw that even if the big bones were cheap,
she was a little bit reluctant, but seeing the second child's nonchalant
expression, she knew she couldn't say anything, and seeing that the bones were
all bitten by dogs, she had to give up.
It was the first time for Lu Gu to eat meat and bones
like this, and he felt that it was very delicious, the meat was rich in aroma,
and the meat on the bones tasted different from the other. If you couldn’t eat
in the gap, you could poke it with the tip of your chopsticks, because it was
too soft and rotten, it would be poked off, and it would not be ruined at all.
The white brittle bones were even more different when
you bit it. At the end of the meal, Shen Xuanqing took the big bone stick to
the kitchen and broke it, and veryone sucked the bone marrow, which was
delicious.