83 Part

Chapter 83
Zhang
Zhengzi was too young and had no children, so the funeral shouldn’t be a big
one. Everything was kept simple, but it was not like there were no mourners and
weepers.
During the three days of the lingering period, Lu Gu
could hear the crying from the Zhang family, and the cries would often be heard
when there were many relatives who came. He thought it was because the Zhang
family had many relatives, but he only realized after hearing what Wei Lanxiang
said.
After Zhang Zhengzi was gone, which meant that his family died, some of
the family properties and fields were watched by relatives from the same clan,
and even old relatives who hadn't seen each other for many years gathered
together.
The cemeteries of Qingxi Village were all on the barren
hills in the south, with sparse forests and few trees, and the ground was full
of raised graves. Usually, few people went there. In the past two or three
days, Shen Xuanqing and Shen Yaoqing followed the village rules and helped dig
new grave together with the villagers.
Because of this, Wei Lanxiang had no one to talk about,
and it was not easy to chat with Ji Qiuyue about funeral matters, so he talked
to Lu Gu while doing needlework.
"It's okay since there is still Lao Zhang Shi, her
seniority is high, even though her son died, she can’t let them kick her away."
After she finished speaking, she sighed and said, "I'm afraid that there will
be those who are really cruel, they will divide the land and property as soon
as the person is buried."
Widows had always been quiet, and those like Li Wanyun
who hadn’t given birth to a son were more likely to be bullied by their
relatives. Now the Zhang family's property and fields were equivalent to no one
inheriting them, and those relatives who had a bad heart would come to seize
them.
Even if they couldn’t seize them for a while, they would come to the door
every three days to persecute and threaten her, how could she, as a woman, could
bear this kind of crime.
"Those people are black hearted and evil. Even if
we women and fulangs have no men, we have worked hard for the family for more
than ten or twenty years, but they can't see it. Once the men leave, they come
to bully the orphans and widows. They will say that the family business will be
thrown into the hands of others (the wive have different surname), it was
better to give them to these relatives."
Wei Lanxiang almost gritted her teeth when she said the
word "relatives", and she said angrily with a "bah":
"I have worked for more than ten years, not to mention sewing, mending and
washing, but also weaving cloth and raising chickens and ducks. I could sell
those things for money, and after I got married, it was not like I ate and did nothing.
But others still said that the family business belonged to the Shen family and
had nothing to do with me. "
Lu Gu saw that her temper was getting worse while she
was talking, so he quickly scooped hot water from the pot and poured it into the
bowl, before putting down the gourd ladle, he gently pushed the bowl of water over,
and said in low voice: "Mother, drink some water, don't be angry."
Seeing that he was obedient, Wei Lanxiang responded
repeatedly: "Okay, don't be angry."
Once the chatterbox was opened, it was difficult to
stop. After taking a sip of hot water, she continued: "Gu Zi, you don't
know, after your father in law left, when your brother Daqing got married, some
distant relatives who had never seen each other came and made an idea to snatch
​​our house and fields. Tell me, how could they do this?, I gave birth to two
sons and still couldn’t stop those black-hearted thieves."
"Fortunately,
the eldest and the second were both grown up, so they didn't succeed." Wei
Lanxiang felt relieved when he said this.
In fact, before she got married, she would not be able
to say these words, because all she saw and understood were all like this, but
after marrying Shen Shunfu, she gradually changed.
Shen Shunfu had never been educated, and he was a rough
old man, but he thought a lot in his head. First of all, he was different from
other people in his enthusiasm for treating others well, he could still see the
hardships of women and fulangs, and his heart was different from others.
Let
alone beating his wife, he had never even scolded Wei Lanxiang. Even if he was
helpless when he encountered such injustice, he would sigh to Wei Lanxiang that
it was not easy for girls and shuang’ers in the world.
Under the influence of
her ears and eyes, she thought differently from before.