66 Part

Chapter 66
The
side of the neck was kissed, and there were some extremely ambiguous sounds. At
night, Lu Gu was not so afraid when the night covered everything, but now it
was bright and the windows were open.
He didn't understand, before it was always at night
after when they had intercourse and consummation of the house, even if he
hadn't heard people in the village said this, the shame made him felt that it
was only natural at night, and how could it be done during the day.
After walking all the way to the mountain, the big dogs
were also tired from running. They either lay down in the yard or rested in the
main room. The same was true for the puppy, and he was quieter than usual.
On the contrary, this made Lu Gu even more afraid that
the movement in the room would be overheard, otherwise he wouldn't even dare to
look into the dog's eyes, let alone people.
Guaizi was naughty, but sometimes his eyes were dark
and moist, and his eyes were like a child's. He looked at him softly, and he
would groan and rub his calf with his head.
As the kiss went deep, Lu Gu's fingertips trembled, but
he still grabbed the clothes at Shen Xuanqing's waist.
When the two of them separated slightly to catch their
breath, he regained his senses. He never thought that when he raised his eyes,
he would see Shen Xuanqing's expression completely different from usual. His
dark eyes became aggressive and his adam's apple was slipping. It was cold, but
Shen Xuanqing seemed to be extremely hot when kissing. The sweat towel around his
waist was untied with one hand, and even the collar was torn a little,
revealing a part of her bronze chest.
He was used to hard work, and he was tall, with strong
and tight muscles. With this scene, even the sound of panting sounded wild.
Lu Gu had never faced a beast directly, but now he had a
little understanding of what a beast looked like. He was so flustered that
his eyelashes were trembling, he turned his face sideways and didn't dare to
look at Shen Xuanqing again.
In fact, Shen Xuanqing did the same when he had sex
before, but it was all at night, he couldn't see, he could only feel the tall
man lying on his body.
Shen Xuanqing was slender and strong, taller than
ordinary men, and if he pressed him down, he could almost cover Lu Gu, but he
wouldn't lie on his stomach all the time when doing this kind of thing.
They fell across the middle of the bed. Although the
bed was not too small, Shen Xuanqing couldn't stretch his hands and feet, and
there was still a part of his legs outside the bed.
He embraced Lu Gu and straightened him up. The man with
a vigorous blood was burning hot even his breath at the moment, he rubbed and
kissed and sniffed Lu Gu's neck, he looked more like a beast.
After lying down, Lu Gu could see the half-closed door
when he turned his head. He knew that it was inevitable, so he said in a
trembling voice: "The door."
Shen Xuanqing, who was about to take off his shirt,
gave a pause, his lips rose, his cold jaw tightened, obviously he was enduring
emotion, he didn't even care about his clothes, and went down with his clothes
open.
The
sewing basket beside the bed was packed and placed on the table. If it fell
over, there would be a lot of needles in it, and it would sting when it was stuck.
He couldn't wait, and quickly closed the door and window and came back.
Lu Gu had never experienced this kind of thing during
the day, and he had never seen Shen Xuanqing other than his upper body. The
extreme shame and fright made his eyes filled with tears, which swirled in his
eye sockets.
However, Shen Xuanqing had never seen him when there
was light, he seemed to be in a daze for a moment, staring at him from head to
toe in a daze, not to mention that Lu Gu shed tears under this appearance,
which could be called appetizing.
The sky was gloomy but it wasn't raining, and a few
unrepressed cries came from the room with the doors and windows closed. Lu Gu
was not only bullied, but was also attacked again.
It
started to rain in the middle of the night, and when the cold wind blew, even
the dog with thick fur was reluctant to leave the main room, and lay lazily on
the sack after eating in the morning.
It was rainy in autumn, but you could always pick up mushrooms
after the rains in the mountains.
In the kitchen, Shen Xuanqing was pouring soup for his
fulang. He made the breakfast early in the morning. Although the craftsmanship
was a bit poor, it was not too bad, at least it could fill the stomach.
Carrying the two Tang Pozi to the room, he was a little
uneasy, and he was even more annoyed. He didn't know what to think yesterday,
which caused Lu Gu to cry for a long time.
Now that he was no longer disturbed by lust, he felt
that the book was really not a good thing. He did it according to the book. It
didn’t make Lu Gu happy, but shed tears.
But after thinking about it, he felt that something was
wrong. At the beginning, Lu Gu didn't cry, and he showed such an expression
that he almost lost his soul, and he couldn't control the force a bit.
After thinking about it this way, he realized that it
was the strength.
Before pushing open the door and enter the room, Shen
Xuanqing pursed his lips, thinking that he didn't seem to use much effort.
The young man who had never seen the world was used to
being reckless, and once he met Lu Gu, he lost his reason. He felt that he had little
strength, but it was completely different when it was placed on Lu Gu.
The door slammed lightly, and as soon as Shen Xuanqing
entered the room, he saw Lu Gu sitting up in his underwear, his legs were
covered with a quilt, and he was rubbing the top of his head with one hand. He
suddenly became embarrassed, remembering the incident that Lu Gu hit the head
of the bed yesterday, he could no longer say that he used little strength.