95 Part 29

Du Hehua gave "bah" secretly and then touched the silver bracelet on her wrist. It was given to him by Lu Wen, so what about him being a concubine? Lu Wen of her family wore gold and silver and lived in the town, and his son in law was not comparable to these muddy legs in the countryside. Thinking like this, the depression in her heart dissipated, and she squeezed into the crowd together with the village woman who fawned on her.
When the opera started, Lu Gu didn't know what happened to others, and he sat next to Wei Lanxiang with Shen Yan. He watched the play while eating the cakes and sunflower seeds very happily.
In the afternoon, it was time to cook, and people left one after another.
The play would be sung for three days, and at this time the weather was cold, Wei Lanxiang got up and said, "Go back first, we'll come back tomorrow if we want to watch it again."
Lu Gu didn't take a few steps, as if he had noticed something, when he raised his head, he saw Shen Xuanqing who was looking at him not far away.
He subconsciously wanted to go there, but he restrained himself, only the smile on his face showed his suddenly bright mood.
"Why are you here?" Wei Lanxiang wondered, she knew that her second son didn't like watching opera very much.
"Mother, Da Chen and the others said they will go to the town to watch lanterns at night, so I'll take Guzi to see them." Shen Xuanqing approached them and said.
So this was the reason, Wei Lanxiang said: "These days the nights come early, You must be careful when you come back at night."
"It's okay, there are many people will go with us. "Shen Xuanqing handed the small bench and empty basket in Lu Gu's hand to Shen Yan, otherwise it would become a burden on the road.
The young people liked to watch the excitement, Wei Lanxiang didn't overly obstruct them. She only told them to be careful on the road, and then went home with Shen Yan.
"We will have dinner in the town." Shen Xuanqing led Lu Gu to another direction, and soon they saw Da Chen and the others.
Lu Gu nodded at them. When he watched the play, he ate cakes and sunflower seeds, so he wasn't very hungry right now.
There were more men who were going to see the lanterns together, but with Shen Xuanqing by his side, he wasn't afraid.
Wangli Village was a little closer to the town than Qingxi Village, but it was still dark when they arrived in the town. They first ate Fuyuanzi (浮元子) at a roadside food stall. It was sweet and glutinous, the soup was also hot, and he didn't feel cold after eating it. Even though there were eight balls of fuyuanzi in a bowl, Lu Gu wasn't full, let alone Shen Xuanqing.
They came out to play tonight, naturally they would eat whatever they wanted, Shen Xuanqing led Lu Gu to see and buy.
The lanterns on the long street were gradually lit up, and the colors were extraordinary. There were also people who were guessing lantern riddles. The unmarried girls and Shuang'ers, who rarely away from home, also went out to see the lanterns. At this time they had fun in the street while holding flower lanterns. They were at the age when the green onion still tender and watery.
Lu Gu was dazzled by all kinds of lanterns, and he stopped when Shen Xuanqing wanted to buy them for him. There were so many at home, so why spent money to buy more.
At the place where the lantern riddles were guessed, the stall owner was talking about the riddles, so he stopped involuntarily.
Lantern riddles were an elegant thing for a countryman. He had never guessed it before, and the riddle was difficult. He didn't know the answer, and even his eyes were blank.
It was Shen Xuanqing who thought for a while and then whispered the answer in his ear.
Being encouraged by Shen Xuanqing, Lu Gu timidly told the answer to the stall owner. The stall owner glanced at him, nodded with a smile and handed over a lantern.
Since the words were released, if someone could guess correctly, they would be given lanterns. How could the stall owner broke his promise, so many people were watching.
Lu Gu didn't expect that his answer was right. When he took the lantern, he was a little bit erratic when he was watched by others, and his heart was indescribably excited.
This lantern was actually very ordinary, not as exquisite as the ones bought by Shen Xuanqing at home. After all, the stall owner also had to make money, so he couldn't give away something too good for nothing.
"You guessed it right." Lu Gu recovered from his joy, and handed the lantern to Shen Xuanqing with a smile.
He was so happy that even his eyes were bright, Shen Xuanqing knew it was right to come tonight.
"Erqing, come and see, there is a Phoenix Lantern." Da Chen and his wife in the front shouted at them. Shen Xuanqing smiled, he took the lantern and together with Lu Gu hurried to the front.
All the way to see the lanterns and play, until late at night, a dozen of people gathered together, counted the number of people and went home.
The night was dense, but it wasn't dark with the full moon on the road.
As soon as they left the town, the light became much weaker. Lu Gu's right hand hanging by his side was suddenly grasped. He looked to his side, because there were other people who were traveling with them, so he wanted to break free.
But Shen Xuanqing said in a low voice: "It's hard to walk at night, what if you get lost when you don't pay attention?"
Lu Gu actually wanted to say that he wasn't a three-years-old child, how could he get lost, but the big hand holding his hand was too warm and strong, making him unable to speak. Fortunately there was darkness covering his cheeks so that others wouldn't see his slightly hot cheeks.
The men in the front were chatting, and there were some bragging. It was also very lively in the dark.
The two of them fell behind, as if they formed a world of their own that no one else could break into.
Ever since they went down the mountain because of winter, there were too many people in the family, so it was difficult to do some intimate things. Now that he could hold Lu Gu's hand, Shen Xuanqing didn't want to let go at all.