47 Part

Chapter 47
Hearing this, Yang Xian said
to his four-year-old eldest daughter: "Ni'er, take your xiaoma (
小
嬷
xiaoma:
little mother
)
Gu Zi to find grandma
first, and tell her that Uncle Erqing is here, go
quickly." Looking like a doll in a New Year picture, she obediently
grabbed Lu Gu's hand and walked into the courtyard. When the younger brother,
who was almost two years old, saw his sister went in, he also entered the
courtyard like a bum beetle.
"Grandma, daddy said that Uncle Erqing is here."
Ni'er was four years old and could speak clearly what adults needed her to say.
An old lady came out of the kitchen. She seemed to be
older than Wei Lanxiang, but she tidied up neatly and looked very energetic.
She wiped her hands with her apron when she saw Lu Gu, and hesitated with a
smile: "This is..."
Ni’er heard her father's words just now, she
jumped ahead of the adults and said triumphantly: "Grandma, I know,
this is my xiaoma Guzi."
Yan Shi was stunned for a moment, when Shen Xuanqing
came in with a cart and saw her in the yard. Then he shouted: "Mother
"
[Yan Shi: After marrying, a woman name become her father’s
surname and the affix “shi,” meaning clan/maiden name]
"Hey!" Yan Shi was also happy to see Shen
Xuanqing, and the little old lady laughed and scolded: "My son said about you
before, the second boy has no conscience, so he doesn't come to see mother."
"Am I not bringing my fulang to see you now?."
Shen Xuanqing said with a smile after stopping.
"Mother." With this sentence, Lu Gu called
out timidly. He knew the reason for the old lady's reaction and Shen Xuanqing's
mention of his name several times, no matter how stupid he was.
"Okay, okay, I'm more happy you bring your fulang
here." Yan Shi took Lu Gu's hand and patted it lovingly twice. Their
second boy smiled so handsomely and looked at fulang differently, so she didn't
care Why Ahwen (Lu Wen) became Guzi (Lu Gu).
"There is no shortage of food on the road. mother
steamed pumpkins and dates, sat down to rest and eat." Yan Shi said,
pushing Lu Gu on the stone bench in the yard and let him sit down, and she hurried
to the kitchen to get food and drink.
Yang Xian and Shen Xuanqing unloaded things from the
trolley, saw a basket of mixed hazelnuts and chestnuts, he said with a smile:
"Bring so many, why don't you keep some for home?"
"There are still some at home, bring some for you
to try " Shen Xuanqing picked up the bag of wild tea, opened it to Lao Yangtou,
he said, "Shifu, this is a tea for you."
[
老
lao: old (of people),
杨
yang: surname,
头
tou: the head, chief, boss
]
Lao Yang took a look inside and saw that it was his
favorite wild tea. How could he be unhappy.
"And this one, it's a fur coat for winter, the one
in the front was old." Shen Xuanqing showed him the rabbit fur again.
Seeing his apprentice cared for him so much, Lao Yang
was so happy that his eyes became smaller, and he couldn't help but said yes.
Yan Shi brought pumpkins and dates for Lu Gu, and made
two bowls of honey water for him and Shen Xuanqing to drink. When she heard
that there was something for Lao Yang, she told Lu Gu to try it quickly, and
walked to the cart to see if there was any for her.
Shen Xuanqing knew she was waiting when he saw her expression,
and said with a smile: "Aniang, this medlar is often soaked to drink, it’s
good for the body, and there are also wild soapberries, which my fulang picked
and brought a lot. The qiucai at home were dug by my mother, let you try something
new."
After telling her this, Shen Xuanqing took out the cloth
and said: "This cloth is for you to make new clothes for you. There are a
lot of furs for the master, and there are still some furs left, you can make a
pair of fur shoes and wear them for warmth in winter."
The old lady took the cloth from him with a smile,
and complained: "I just said, you only remember the old man and don’t
think about me.”
The cloth was very good, thick and comfortable, Yan
Shi turned to the side when Lao Yang came over to look at it, stared and didn’t
let him touch the cloth, thinking his hands were dirty, she hurried into the room
and put it in the box, and brought Lu Gu some pastries and dried fruits when she
came out again.
When Ni’er saw the sweet cake, she clamored to eat it.
Lu Gu took a piece for her and her younger brother. She ate the sweet cake and
went to the cart to have a look. There were so many chestnuts and hazelnuts in
the tall bamboo basket that her mouth was open. She had eaten both, so she knew
they were edible.
Shen Xuanqing and Yang Xian carried the rice down, as
well as the two live bamboo chickens with their feet tied. Looking down, they
saw the fat baby in front of the bamboo basket reaching in and grabbing a
handful of chestnuts and hazelnuts. She was only four years old, no matter how
big she was, she could only grab two.
Ni’er held the chestnut and
looked up at him, hiding her fat hands behind her back. She knew that the things
belonged to someone else, so she felt a little guilty when someone found it.
"Eat." Shen Xuanqing said with a smile, and
asked her again: "Will you peel it?"
He smiled, and Ni'er smiled too, took a bite of the
sweet cake and shook her head, and said vaguely in her mouth: "No, but my
grandpa can peel it."
Shen Xuanqing took a chestnut from the basket while she
was talking, peeled it a few times and handed it to her, Ni’er still held the
pastry in her right hand, so she had to put the two chestnuts in her left hand back
into the bamboo basket.
"Chestnuts are raw, you can only eat one, and the
hazelnuts will be knocked and eaten by Grandpa." After Shen Xuanqing
finished speaking, he saw her bulging cheeks, and she was busy eating, but he
didn't know if she listened.
"Second boy, wash your hands quickly, sit down and
rest." Yan Shi asked Yang Xian to carry all the things into the grain
room, and she fetched water for Shen Xuanqing to wash.
Lu Gu sat in front of the stone table, the younger
brother finished eating the sweet cake, he spoke late, not very quick, pointed
to the cake on the table and looked at Lu Gu, motioned for him to take it and said:
"Eat, eat."
"Ouch , you still eat, how much you have eaten
this day." When Yan Shi heard that her grandson still wanted to eat, she
only broke off a small piece.
In the alley next door, the little grandson of the Wang
family ate too much and went to the doctor crying and complaining because of stomachache.
She was not afraid of her grandson eating, but she was afraid of him getting
hurt. That was called suffering.
Shen Xuanqing washed his hands and sat down next to Lu
Gu, Yan Shi dismissed her grandson and also sat down to talk to her second boy.