65 Part

Chapter 65
Shen
Xuanqing froze again. This book was shameful. Before getting married, he
borrowed books from other men in the village, and he read them alone behind his
back. But when he thought about it, he felt a little irritated.
If Fulang found out that he was reading this kind of
book, his face would be lost.
When he left in the morning, he didn't know what to
think, so he brought the books with him. When he got here, he saw Lu Gu
cooking, and he sneaked into the room and hid it in the box.
He purposely picked a big box for the quilts, and the
box for clothes was opened all day long, so he didn't dare to stuff it there,
and he never thought that Lu Gu would discover it within half a day.
"Yeah." He hesitated, his answer was not as
sharp as usual, and it was obvious at first glance.
Lu Gu became more and more puzzled, and subconsciously
turned his head to look at the books in the box, thinking that he shouldn't damage
the books when he took the quilts it just now.
His glance made Shen Xuanqing even more embarrassed,
afraid that he would pick it up and look through it, and his heart would jump
for a while. He had never been so panicked when facing the beasts in the
mountains, so he quickly stepped forward and closed the box directly.
"It's not a good book." Shen Xuanqing
withdrew his hand, looking a little flustered and embarrassed. Seeing that Lu
Gu's brows were frowning and his expression was confused, he realized that he
had accidentally told the truth, so he hurriedly made amends and said, "I
mean the book is not expensive. It could be flattened even if it was wrinkled
and pressed, so it’s not a problem.”
If someone else might ask him why he didn’t take it out
to read, otherwise the book he bought would be a waste of money if he hid it in
a box.
But Lu Gu didn't ask, but nodded his head to indicate
that he understood. He didn't understand the book, and he always felt that what
Shen Xuanqing said made sense. Since he was so old, he only knew two
characters, so it was better not to mix it up.
Besides, Shen Xuanqing usually had to do a lot of work,
and he didn't have the time to read books. It was good to put them in the box.
Recently, it had been cloudy and rainy, and if the books were outside, they
would be damp.
The water in the kitchen was already boiling, so he
took the small Tang Pozi to fill it with hot water.
After he left, Shen Xuanqing stood on the spot and
breathed a sigh of relief. Fortunately, Lu Gu was not inquisitive, and believed
everything he said.
Lu Gu poured boiling water into it, and screwed the cap
tightly so it wouldn't leak. Before lifting it up, Lu Gu put his hand on Tang Pozi
and covered it. It was hot, even a little hot. He smiled and rolled his eyes.
"Wash with hot water, there is still some in the
pot." Seeing that Shen Xuanqing came in to scoop up water to wash his
hands, he quickly withdrew his hands and helped him to scoop up a scoop of hot
water.
Shen Xuanqing squatted down to wash his hands. Although
he was not so panicked anymore, he was still thinking about things. He rubbed
the wild soapberries in his hand very slowly. Finally, he raised his head,
looked at Lu Gu who came out with Tang Pozi, and asked, "Did you read the
book? No?"
If the wind blowing up when he took out the quilt and accidentally
opened the book cover, Lu Gu must know, the pictures on it were so detailed
that you could see what kind of book at a glance.
Lu Gu didn't know his nervousness at all, shook his
head and said, "No."
Shen Xuanqing put his beating heart back into his
stomach, and then he remembered something, and asked, "Do you know how to
read? "
When he was in the Lu family, reading and writing were
always something Lu Wen often did, so whenever he mentioned books and
calligraphy, Lu Gu would inevitably think of him.
"I don't know." Lu Gu shook his head,
hesitantly pursed his lower lip, lowered his head and said in a low voice,
"I can write my name.
Lu Wen was literate and they all knew it in Anjia
Village. The Shen family must had known it when they got engaged. In Anjia
Village, there were sometimes women and fulangs in the village who came to Lu
Wen to read letters or ask questions, and the villagers sometimes praised Lu
Wen when they gossipped.
He didn’t think there was anything wrong with
complimenting Lu Wen. People who could read a book was capable, didn't blame
others for boasting.
But a few times he overheard other people saying that
they were all raised by the same family, but that Lu Wen was really a promising
shuang’er. Even if he was stupid, he could still hear the man chewing his
tongue, saying that he was worthless, and he felt a little sad.
It was fine if someone asked. Now in front of Shen
Xuanqing, he didn't want to make himself looked too worthless, at least, at
least he knew two characters.