30 Part 24

The fence was complete. Lu Gu used the soft hay to make
nests for chickens and ducklings. He even put the pair of rabbits in the bamboo
cage in the backyard. He stuffed a lot of grass into the cage when he was
walking two days ago. He came back today and saw that they ate them all, and
they didn’t starve to death. Lu Gu plucked some of them before cooking.
Unlike chickens and ducks, wild rabbits could dig
holes, and they were not slow to dig the soil so it was better to use a cage.
Before evening, Shen Xuanqing carried a shovel and a
long hoe, and Lu Gu went with him to the river with a smaller hoe. They picked
a suitable location and dug a hole for a pond for the ducks to swim, the river
in the mountain was long, if they went down the river, Lu Gu couldn't find
them.
When he was in Qingxi Village, because there were a lot
of ducks in the village, he was afraid of the ducks being caught if he traveled
far away, and he was afraid of mixing with other people's ducks. If he met
someone who liked to take advantage, it would take a lot of effort to get the
ducks back, so Shen Yan often released the ducks in the pond. If she was free
and didn't need to hunt chicken grass, she only watched the ducks swam in the
river for a while.
Shen Xuanqing used a shovel to draw a square of two
feet. This pond was really not small. They only had seven ducks, enough to flop
in it.
Digging a pit was a laborious job, and it would definitely
take a lot of work to dig it deep. Even if Lu Gu bent down and swung a hoe, he
couldn't finish digging today.
There were many rocks in the mountains. Fortunately,
the old Orion chose a good place. There was a lot of soil beside the river and
the forest. When they were digging, they rarely encountered rocks.
When the sun sank to the west, Lu Gu went back to cook
first, and Shen Xuanqing rolled up his sleeves and continued to work. Whether
it was a hoe or a shovel, it seemed powerful in his hands. The muscles on his
arms seemed to be cast in copper during his actions, and his physique was
strong. He was much stronger than ordinary men, and he was not lacking in
handsomeness.
The smoke rose, and the steamed buns were heated in the
pot, and he was cutting vegetables and meat. Even if it was shady and cool in
the mountains, the raw meat wouldn’t last long, and it would be fresh only if
it was eaten early.
He and Shen Xuanqing often ate fish and hunted birds in
the mountains. Shen Xuanqing shot accurately with the slingshot and could often
bring back the birds that were shot. Wild animals such as hares and pheasants
could be sold for money, and most of the birds were dead so they ate it by
themself, and they also had a meaty smell.
But compared to these things, country people were
reluctant to eat and drink all year round. Most of them like to eat fatty pork,
and pork with more fat was more delicious. Lu Gu was no exception, and Shen
Xuanqing who had three years of hard life, the same is true.
Lu Gu fried the meat with autumn chili peppers, the
meat was plentiful and rich, and mixed with a vegetable, which was crisp and
greasy, two bowls of vegetables were enough for the two of them.
You need to be very careful in this kind of deep
mountain forest. As soon as it got dark, Shen Xuanqing came back and didn't
stay outside.
After the three dogs came in, he lowered the threshold
and closed the courtyard door, and covered it with a thick tree trunk. Taking
advantage of this time, Lu Gu brought all the meals to the table.
After washing his hands, he went into the main room and
saw that there was meat to eat tonight, so Shen Xuanqing went to the kitchen to
get a bowl, and poured a small bowl of wine.
After he sat down, he asked Lu Gu, "Have a
taste?"
Lu Gu shook his head, the wine tasted spicy, he
couldn't drink it, Shen Xuanqing didn't force it, and drank half of the bowl by
himself while eating the meat.
The mountain breeze was cold, and the taste of being
full of wine and food made people felt at ease, and good days were nothing more
than this.
After washing and lying down at night, Shen Xuanqing
held Lu Gu in his arms, and smelled such a soft breath again. He obviously only
drank a little, but now he was slightly drunk from the alcohol that had
disappeared while drinking, making his heart itchy and hot. As soon as he
turned over, he crushed the person underneath.
Shen Xuanqing and Lu Gu worked for another three days to dig
the pond and the big fence outside the house. The outside of the house was no
better than the backyard. The fence must be denser, otherwise the chickens
would squeeze out along the cracks or other things would come in and drag the
chickens away, as this would require a lot of bamboo, and the two of them went
to the bamboo forest and cut ten more. Shen Xuanqing couldn't resist once, so
he ran twice.
The pond was dug to a depth of about one person. When
Shen Xuanqing was standing inside digging, Lu Gu took a hemp rope and hung a
basket on the top of the pit, and poured the excavated soil to the side.
Because of the size of the pond, Shen Xuanqing was also cautious. After
digging, people standing inside were afraid of the soil collapsingso he
used the shovel to pat the soil wall
tightly.
After the pond was dug, a small canal was dug from
the side next to the river to divert water from the side of the river. Finally,
with a shovel, the small canal was opened, and the river water flowed in.
Several big stones were moved to block the river, allowing the water to flow
towards the pond. Those few stones were really not light, and he pushed
and moved them, which made him slowed down on the shore for a while after
coming up.
Lu Gu wanted to help just now, but such a big rock
couldn't be moved at all. Shen Xuanqing laughed when he saw it. He tried it,
and then moved away with a sullen head.
The river water was rushing into the pit, and when Shen
Xuanqing saw him squatting in like a small ball by the pond, it made people
felt sorry for him and wanted to lift him up. After taking the breath, the
tall man finally couldn't hold back, picked him up, and gently rubbed his hair
in his arms.
Lu Gu who was suddenly picked up was startled. Shen
Xuanqing was still panting because he was too tired to move the stone. His
strong and broad chest seemed to be hot. The big strong hand pressed on his
head and rubbed it lightly, letting his face accidentally stuck to Shen
Xuanqing's chest.
Obviously he couldn't see the expression, but from the
ups and downs of Shen Xuanqing's chest and the faint beating of his heart, he
felt that Shen Xuanqing was happy.
was it so happy to hug him? He was actually puzzled.
It wasn't until he realized that he was hugged for a
long time that he blushed later, and felt that Shen Xuanqing's body was too
hot. The heat came to his face, and even he felt hot, and he didn't dare to
raise his head in his arms.