Chapter 23 Part 8


Before they left the bamboo grove, the two dogs scratched the ground fiercely and dragged out a large bamboo rat from a burrow. Shen Xuanqing scolded them; the gray-and-white dog released it, while the black dog dragged it back.

On the way back, Lu Gu eyed the wormwood in the field. When he was at Lu’s house, Du Hehua had bought cloth heads and colorful embroidery thread and asked him to make sachets or medicine pouches. Whether sachet or medicine pouch, he would stuff a few wormwood leaves into it.

When Wei Lanxiang bought colored thread that day, Lu Gu pondered a moment. His mother, back then, was good at embroidery. She embroidered sachets and medicine pouches with delicate beauty, and they sold well in town, so that time his mother had some money and he could live well for a few days as a child.

His mother left early, so he hadn’t learned all the embroidery, but he still had some skill and could stitch a medicine pouch. But he had no copper coin, no money to buy cloth and thread, and no medicinal materials. He lacked the nerve to ask the Shen family for money, but after seeing the red goji berries covered with twigs, his heart stirred, and a plan formed.

Even if goji berries were cheap, they could fetch more money; there were many good things in the mountains, and if you worked hard to search, you’d always find something that sold for cash. If he could really sell them for money, even without buying colored threads, it would at least make Shen Xuanqing happier, and perhaps earn him a few copper coins, giving him some money.

With this in mind, Lu Gu quietly glanced at Shen Xuanqing, who walked ahead with the bamboo on his shoulders. Timid and naive, he carried a trace of selfishness in his heart. He knew Shen Xuanqing was a good man. If not, he wouldn’t take the initiative to make money this way, or he would be like Du Hehua and take all the money, leaving him with not a penny.

He secretly calculated in his heart, yet he did not dare speak up, keeping his attention on the way back.

When they reached the open space outside the courtyard, Shen Xuanqing heaved the heavy green bamboo from his shoulders onto the ground, rolled his shoulders a few times, and then unlocked the door. The black dog laid the slain bamboo rat on the ground, barked several times, and urged for roasted meat; Shen Xuanqing ignored it, opened the door, unloaded the bamboo basket from Lu Gu’s back, and carried it inside.

“I’m going to kill birds by the river. There’s a medicine stove in the house. You can look for it and use that to make soup later,” he said, as he carried the two fat doves—shot yesterday with a slingshot. It was time to kill them to make a hearty meal.

Lu Gu complied naturally, searched the house as instructed, and found the medicine stove, thick with dust. It had been used by an old hunter. Shen Xuanqing was young and strong. He hadn’t fallen ill much in the past few years; only occasionally a bout of typhoid fever, for which he drank a bowl of ginger soup. The medicine stove was almost never used.

It took a long time to simmer the stew, and they couldn’t eat at noon; the big pot needed to be fried and cooked, so the stew couldn’t be served right away. Still, they were glad to have it.

The two kept busy, and the morning passed in this way. After lunch, Shen Xuanqing was cutting bamboo outside the courtyard gate. The open space outside was wide and bright. He sat on a stool, thinking of the bamboo chicken, and turned to Lu Gu, who had finished cleaning the kitchen, and said, “Watch how the bamboo chicken is doing, and see if it has eaten the chopped chicken grass.”

Lu Gu went to the backyard to check. Last night Shen Xuanqing had applied herbs to the bamboo chicken’s injured wing, at least keeping it alive for a few days. The wound was foul-smelling, but he had managed to gather some chicken grass early in the morning.

Seeing that the chicken grass was dwindling, the bamboo chicken cooed a few times when it saw people, and it hid in a corner. Lu Gu knew it would be all right.

“The chicken grass has been eaten; it should make a sound,” he whispered as he stepped outside the courtyard to tell Shen Xuanqing, but he didn’t leave after finishing, as if he had more to say.

The courtyard faced south, and the sun was very bright in front of the house. Sensing his hesitation, Shen Xuanqing looked up at him and asked, “What’s wrong?”

Lu Gu lowered his voice. “I, I want to boil water to wash my hair.”

It wasn’t hard to see why he was timid. He’d be scolded for using too much firewood in the Lu family. Although the Shen family hadn’t treated him badly, they reminded him to be careful and to do things right. Shen Xuanqing was working, but he planned to take a bath.

Shen Xuanqing paused, then said, “Just boil it. Use enough water and enough firewood.”

Finally, in a softer voice, he added: “Just do whatever you want. You don’t have to agree with me on everything.”

Those words startled Lu Gu for a moment, and his eyes filled with gratitude as he whispered again and again, “Okay.”

The moon set and the sun rose, and days slipped by in the blink of an eye.

Lu Gu gradually grew used to mountain life. During the day, Shen Xuanqing took the dog hunting, he cooked and waited, and in his spare time he wove bamboo cages. With good weather, he even unpacked, washed, and dried the bedding.

In the past two days, he’d been picking wolfberries in the weeds outside. The grass in the mountains grew tall and dirty, and he inevitably brought dust back with him.

The memory of that night made him resolve to be well-behaved. He boiled water to wash during the day when Shen Xuanqing was away, and with the sun high at noon, he wasn’t afraid of the cold after washing his hair.

Shen Xuanqing bathed with quiet diligence, so as not to dirty himself in front of his ger.

After his head and body were dry, the kitchen door opened. Lu Gu looked up as he heard movement and saw Shen Xuanqing sprinting in from the rain, a few steps ahead.

Lu Gu paused, muttered softly, and didn’t know what to say. He lowered his head, avoiding Shen Xuanqing’s eyes.

Shen Xuanqing didn’t seem annoyed either. He’d been going out early and coming home late these days, and they could only be together with Lu Gu at night after he’d fallen asleep. He’d come back early today, giving him more time with his ger, and he was beyond happy.