Chapter 46


The salty long beans were mixed with rice, and it was the first time Lu Gu realized that long beans could be so delicious; he even ate half a bowl of plain rice.

Shen Yan was even more stuffed, clutching her stomach and saying she was uncomfortable. Wei Lanxiang poked her forehead and smiled as she scolded, “Why are you so greedy? You eat yourself into this state—don’t eat like this at night, you’ll regret it later.”

Shen Yan was too overwhelmed to squat down and wash the dishes, so Lu Gu put away the dishes and went to wash them himself. He sat in the kitchen, still able to hear Shen Yan yelling in the main room, and Wei Lanxiang asked her to stand up and walk around.

“This Guaizi, even if he is called guai (乖: obedient, well-behaved), he’s not good.” Ji Qiuyue grabbed the puppy by the back of his neck and dragged him out from the vegetable field in the front yard. The puppy chewed on several leaves of qiuchai (秋菜: autumn vegetables).

The vegetables grown by country folk were expensive, and their family was better off, so there was no shortage of this kind of food; otherwise the pup’s plump little behind would suffer.

Lu Gu heard the movement and looked out of the kitchen. Qiuyue hauled the puppy out and knocked him on the forehead with her fingers as a light punishment, also to leave him with a memory that food shouldn’t be spoiled casually.

The pup yelped in pain. He was still young, unlike the big dogs who wouldn’t dare to look at people or make a sound when they made mistakes. Lu Gu wasn’t worried at all when he saw this. He was so fat that even if he fell or got knocked around he’d be all right—the skin was thick enough to withstand beatings, and Qiuyue hadn’t hit him hard enough.

Shen Xuanqing emerged from the woodshed with a pile of furs in his arms, and the qiuchai that the puppy had been rummaging through in the vegetable field remained there. He glanced at the dog and said, “It’s better to let the Dahui out and teach him, so you won’t waste things when you’re too busy to take care of him.”

Qiuyue put the puppy on the ground, heard the words, and nodded in reply: “That’s right, we didn’t watch him just now. Let him play by himself.”

Seeing Shen Xuanqing holding the fur, she asked him, “Why are you cleaning this?”

“I’m free these two days, so it’s time to visit shifu (師父: teacher, master) and pick some good ones for him.” Shen Xuanqing squatted down, too lazy to pick the furs from the pile of firewood.

“It’s time to go.” As Qiuyue said this, she heard Shen Yaoqing calling her from the room, saying that he couldn’t find the bunt to carry the big bag, so she hurried into the room to help find it.

When Lu Gu came out of the kitchen after washing the dishes, the puppy was chasing him, trying to bite his trousers, really like a monkey.

After selling the rice yesterday, there was no other work at home. The busy autumn harvest was over. Now they didn’t have to work after eating, and they could rest.

As soon as Lu Gu came out and saw Shen Xuanqing picking up fur in front of the woodpile, he hesitated. It was fine when there was work to do; even if he was with Shen Xuanqing, they were busy, but there was nothing to do at this time. He didn’t dare go to Shen Xuanqing; he turned and walked to the room to get the needles and threads to make sachets these days.

The pile of fur was mostly rabbit fur. The rabbits’ fur left by the family wasn’t thrown away; they dried and kept it. It wouldn’t matter later whether they sold it or used it to make boots and leather jackets for winter.

As for the rabbits that were sold in town, it wasn’t that he never thought of selling the fur and the meat separately to earn more money. It was all lean meat, and its price wasn’t as good as pork. It was even lighter if you peeled the skin and removed the internal organs. If you couldn’t sell it all in a day, it would attract flies. The townspeople were particular.

There were also people who had a lot of options. He had tried to sell it this way twice and found it troublesome, so he wouldn’t do it anymore. Anyway, fur would be expensive to sell, so he wouldn’t lose money.

He kept three ugly furs; Shen Xuanqing tied up the rest and took the fur to the old hunter for the winter.

The sun shone outside. Lu Gu sat under the eaves, embroidering sachets, while the puppy played in front of him. Shen Yan felt less uncomfortable after a bit of walking around and leaned over to look at what Lu Gu embroidered.

Shen Xuanqing went to the room where the grain was stored, brought out a sack of new rice, set it on the cart, and took a bamboo basket to hold hazelnuts and chestnuts, filling a basket.

The old hunter loved wild tea from the mountains. He took a cloth bag and poured some into it, keeping a portion for his family. This kind of thing could be found in the mountains, and he could pick it whenever he wanted to drink it.

The goji berries were also packed, along with a lot of wild soapberries, which he had picked with Lu Gu before going down the mountain, and they brought back a lot. The wild soapberries could be stored for a long time as long as they didn’t get wet. Seeing him put everything on the cart, Wei Lanxiang came over to take a look and said, “The qiuchais are mature recently; dig some and bring them to your shimu (師母: teacher’s wife) to try.”

It tasted good when eaten cold. Almost every countryside family grew this stuff. It could be dried or pickled to eat in winter. They had a large vegetable field in the front yard and had planted a lot; they even cultivated a piece of land behind the house. No worry about eating.

Wei Lanxiang said this and went to dig qiuchai by herself, saying while digging: “This year isn’t good; it’s cold. Next summer, we’ll plant some winter melons and long beans, and then we’ll give them to your shifu.”

“Good, we’ll grow more next year,” Shen Xuanqing agreed, and he took another cloth bag to pour chaidou (柴豆).