Chapter 68


The book was stuffed in the gap between the clothes and the box, only the spine exposed, yet it kept drawing Lu Gu’s eyes. He remembered that after Lu Wen bought a new book, he had to read it first before studying it carefully, as if he wanted to recognize the words in it first. But Lu Wen had already begun attending school at that time and could read many characters. He only knew two, and couldn’t even read the rest, so he couldn’t do it.

He laid the clean quilt on the bed first, and when he came to close the box, he paused for a moment. The joy of being able to study something made his hand reach out. Touching the hard spine of the book with his fingertips, Lu Gu was both curious and apprehensive, and he couldn’t hold back the desire to open it and take a look.

Gripping the spine with his fingers, he could pull the book out with all his strength, but in the end Lu Gu remained timid. The books were things he didn’t understand, and they were precious; it would be bad if they were damaged. Like many people in the countryside, although Lu Gu was far from the word “learning,” he respected and envied those who could study, treasuring the idea in his heart, so he didn’t dare to move around. Besides, when Shen Xuanqing gave him money, he used it to buy food. He could move the food, but such rare things as books were different.

The box was closed again.

In the evening, Shen Xuanqing came back with the big dogs. Today he hoped to catch a foolish fox with mixed fur, intending to gather a few pieces of fox fur to make a quilt, but he missed his mark. A hard wooden branch poked out and tore his sleeve.

The foxes in the deep mountains who could feed themselves were naturally more refined, and it was not easy to catch them. As for the ones that had been caught with great effort, one was luckier, and the other depended on a more refined ability to track and differentiate than before, and he was lucky enough to kill two rare silver foxes. But good luck didn’t come all the time; even the old hunter who had hunted all his life could miss something if distracted.

As soon as he returned, Lu Gu saw that the sleeve of his left arm was torn and asked quickly, “What happened?”

Not to mention hunting in the mountains, even Lu Gu would suffer minor injuries from ordinary work, and his hands would get scratched. It was common to have skin scrapes or small cuts, but most were minor injuries and there was no need to make a fuss. It was rare for Shen Xuanqing’s sleeves to be torn like this. Before, the sleeves and trousers were at most torn a little, just pinched at the torn part and sewed up with a needle.

“It’s torn, and the torn part was too cumbersome, so I tore them,” Shen Xuanqing said, unloading the bamboo basket and pulling out the torn sleeve from inside.

Seeing that Lu Gu was still looking at his arm, he smiled and said, “No injury, but the sleeve is torn.”

Lu Gu took the sleeve, nodded upon hearing that, and then looked up at Shen Xuanqing’s left eyebrow, where there was a scar—a red mark traced across it, though not bleeding, the trace was obvious.

“Above your eyes,” he said, still pointing his finger in the air.

“There are many branches in the forest; you’ll get scratched accidentally, but it won’t impede you,” Shen Xuanqing said with a smile.

After being scratched above the eye, he touched it with his hand, but there was no bleeding, and he didn’t take it to heart at all. He often ran in the mountains and forests, and minor injuries were inevitable.

A rabbit and two fat bamboo rats had been killed in the bamboo basket. The bamboo rats caught today were quite fierce, with sharp teeth, but they were used to hunting and were not afraid.

Shen Xuanqing came back early today; Lu Gu hadn’t cut the vegetables and dried tofu yet, but the rice porridge and steamed buns were ready in the pot. He was busy in the kitchen, and Shen Xuanqing came in after washing his hands. Seeing a plate of hot steamed buns on the chopping board, he took one to eat. White flour steamed buns tasted different, much finer than those made with mixed flour.

The dried tofu mixed with pepper and fried in sesame oil smelled wonderfully fragrant. Chives (qiucai) and mushrooms were fried, with garlic slices added. The dishes were lighter in oil, but salty, and the taste was very good.

They ate stir-fried dishes almost every meal, which was better than many other families in the village.

After eating and drinking, the sun hadn’t set yet, and Lu Gu cleaned the kitchen, remembering that he needed to mend the outer clothes Shen Xuanqing had taken off and should do it earlier while the sky was still bright.

He went into the room to fetch the sewing basket, and felt that it was getting colder. Shen Xuanqing had to wear thicker clothes even if he ran outside, so he opened the big box containing the quilts to take out the thick clothes and winter garments pressed underneath. If it was cold, he could wear more warm clothes, and it wouldn’t be troublesome to take them off for a run in the middle of the day.

The three quilts were all outside, so when you opened the box, you could see the clothes and the book inside. Lu Gu paused again; the joy and anticipation of being able to read made him unable to contain his excitement, yet he remained anxious and hopeful. He carefully pulled out the book.

He didn’t dare to move around while Shen Xuanqing was away, but now that Shen Xuanqing was back, he wanted to ask if he could teach him to recognize a character or two today, even if he could only recognize the first character of the three on the cover. One was fine; it would mark the beginning of his study.

After being with Shen Xuanqing for so long, he knew Shen Xuanqing treated him well, so he was no longer as overly cautious as before. Holding the book in his hand, Lu Gu suddenly remembered the saying that if you didn’t ask, you were stealing, but he reconsidered: now that Shen Xuanqing was here, he wasn’t stealing it behind his back, and he would turn the book after asking. Not too late.

Just like when he bought Tang Pozi before, he was looking forward to being able to read and write, and he couldn’t hold back.