Chapter 111 Part 31


111 31

It was easy to kill prey by shooting arrows or digging traps when hunting, but it wasn’t easy to capture it alive. He took great pains to track the ram, fearing that it would run away if he missed the target or be killed accidentally, so he drove the hunting dogs to outflank and hunt it very cautiously.

When Lu Gu heard about the lamb, his smile widened. He also thought of the calf and said, “If we have a few more, we can herd the calf and sheep together in the future.”

“Yes.” Shen Xuanqing nodded in agreement, and then said, “There are already five female rabbits at home. I will catch more female rabbits before going down the mountain this time, and pick out the strong ones to raise. Female rabbits can give birth every two months; if ten female rabbits can produce litters, maybe forty or fifty babies can be born at one time. They can be sold after raising them for half a year, and they can also give birth to several cubs after a year.”

He hadn’t thought too much about it when he was at home, but now that he talked about it, the more Shen Xuanqing considered it, the more he felt that raising rabbits was indeed a good livelihood. However, rabbit-raising required a large space; otherwise they would be crowded together, smelling and damp, and they would easily die.

Now that he had one less hunting dog, he couldn’t easily go deeper into the mountains. If he could successfully raise rabbits, as long as he worked hard during this period, he wouldn’t have to worry about running out of rabbits to sell in the future, and he could also focus on more valuable prey such as sheep and deer.

Lu Gu was surprised. If there were forty or fifty baby rabbits in two months, wouldn’t there be a hundred baby rabbits in four months? How could they raise so many? So he asked, “Then we will need to make a lot of cages.”

They were thinking the same thing. Shen Xuanqing smiled and pulled the black-hoofed sheep into the house and said, “I was thinking about this too. Before we went up, I asked elder brother to build a rabbit hutch in the backyard. The five female rabbits at home are not yet ready to give birth, so there is no rush. When we go down the mountain I’ll see if I can buy a piece of land to raise rabbits in the future.”

Want to buy land?

Lu Gu was stunned when he heard this. In the countryside, chickens and ducks were raised in the backyard, and even rabbits were raised at home. Yet Shen Xuanqing said he wanted to buy land to raise them. He thought again, if there were too many rabbits, there wouldn’t be enough space for so many cages at home, and even rabbit manure would pile up a lot.

The two of them tied the sheep in the corner of the backyard. The injured front leg of the black-hoofed sheep had been treated and applied with medicinal herbs, and it had stopped bleeding. Otherwise, the bloodstains left after leading it all the way would have been enough to attract wild beasts following the smell of blood.

Shen Xuanqing saw that the sheep was in good spirits, so he didn’t worry too much. He turned to Lu Gu and said, “These are just my random thoughts. I will discuss it with elder brother and the others when we get home. Let’s eat first.” He had been running outside all day and only ate a few steamed buns at noon, so he was inevitably hungry.

Lu Gu quickly said, “I’ve prepared everything. Just wash your hands and you can eat.”

It was getting dark, and they finally sat down to eat after the gate was locked. The meal was good, with bacon slices fried with young buds and wild vegetables, and also a bowl of egg drop soup.

The puppy was running and jumping in the yard, and the setting sun stretched its shadow very long. Shen Xuanqing ate the hot soup and hot dishes, and felt comfortable and warm from the bottom of his heart. He was hungry, so he also wolfed down some white flour buns. Lu Gu sat opposite him, eating slowly and occasionally smiling at him, which made his fatigue and hardships disappear.

láng tūn hǔ yàn: lit. to wolf down one’s food (idiom); fig. to devour ravenously, to gorge oneself.