Chapter 83


Zhang Zhengzi was too young and had no children, so the funeral shouldn’t be a grand one. Everything was kept simple, but there were mourners and weepers.

During the three days of the lingering period, Lu Gu could hear the crying from the Zhang family, and the cries would often rise when many relatives gathered. He thought it was because the Zhang family had many relatives, but he only realized it after hearing what Wei Lanxiang said.

After Zhang Zhengzi was gone, which meant that his family had died out, some of the family properties and fields were watched by relatives from the same clan, and old relatives who hadn't seen each other for many years gathered.

The cemeteries of Qingxi Village were all on the barren hills to the south, with sparse forests and few trees, and the ground was full of raised graves. Usually, few people went there. In the past two or three days, Shen Xuanqing and Shen Yaoqing followed the village rules and helped dig a new grave together with the villagers.

Because of this, Wei Lanxiang had no one to talk to, and it was not easy to chat with Ji Qiuyue about funeral matters, so he talked to Lu Gu while doing needlework.

“It’s okay since there is still Lao Zhang Shi; her seniority is high. Even though her son died, she can’t be kicked out.” After she finished speaking, she sighed and said, “I’m afraid that there will be those who are really cruel, they will divide the land and property as soon as the person is buried.”

Widows had always been quiet, and those like Li Wanyun who hadn’t given birth to a son were more likely to be bullied by their relatives. Now the Zhang family’s property and fields were equivalent to no one inheriting them, and those relatives who had a bad heart would come to seize them.

Even if they couldn’t seize them for a while, they would come to the door every three days to persecute and threaten her, how could she, as a woman, bear this kind of crime.

“Those people are black-hearted and evil. Even if we women and fulangs have no men, we have worked hard for the family for more than ten or twenty years, but they can’t see it. Once the men leave, they come to bully the orphans and widows. They will say that the family business will be handed to others (the wives have different surnames); it was better to give them to these relatives.”

Wei Lanxiang almost gritted her teeth when she said the word “relatives,” and she said angrily with a “bah”:

“I have worked for more than ten years, not to mention sewing, mending and washing, but also weaving cloth and raising chickens and ducks. I could sell those things for money, and after I got married, it was not like I ate and did nothing. But others still said that the family business belonged to the Shen family and had nothing to do with me.”

Lu Gu saw that her temper was getting worse while she was talking, so he quickly scooped hot water from the pot and poured it into a bowl, before putting down the gourd ladle, he gently pushed the bowl of water over, and said in a low voice: “Mother, drink some water, don’t be angry.”

Seeing that he was obedient, Wei Lanxiang responded repeatedly: “Okay, don’t be angry.”

Once the chatterbox was opened, it was difficult to stop. After taking a sip of hot water, she continued: “Gu Zi, you don’t know, after your father-in-law left, when your brother Daqing got married, some distant relatives who had never seen each other came and hatched a plan to snatch our house and fields. Tell me, how could they do this? I gave birth to two sons and still couldn’t stop those black-hearted thieves.”

“Fortunately, the eldest and the second were both grown up, so they didn’t succeed.” Wei Lanxiang felt relieved as she said this.

In fact, before she got married, she would not have been able to say these words, because all she saw and understood were all like this, but after marrying Shen Shunfu, she gradually changed.

Shen Shunfu had never been educated, and he was a rough old man, but he thought a lot in his head. First of all, he was different from other people in his enthusiasm for treating others well; he could still see the hardships of women and fulangs, and his heart was different from others. Let alone beating his wife, he had never even scolded Wei Lanxiang. Even if he was helpless when he encountered such injustice, he would sigh to Wei Lanxiang that it was not easy for girls and shuang’ers in the world. Under the influence of her ears and eyes, she thought differently than before.