Chapter 78


The snowflakes rustled and fell all night. Lu Gu used to fear winter the most, but this winter seemed unlikely to provoke panic. Perhaps eating meat and drinking hot soup made people feel warm all over, and a full stomach was the best defense against the cold. Even after sleeping, waking up didn’t feel so cold.

Heavy snow covered the ground, with a thick layer on the trees and eaves. In the morning, the snowfall lightened. Shen Xuanqing rose early and took a shovel to clear the snow in the yard. Soon Shen Yaoqing came out to help as well.

When Lu Gu stepped out of his room, the puppy who had slept with a bone in its mouth opened its eyes, yawned, and followed him outside.

The puppy was bigger than before, and since he didn’t sleep well squeezed in a sack with Dahui, he had rolled off several times, so Lu Gu used dry straw to make another sack.

The snow at the kitchen door was shoveled clean, so Lu Gu went inside to boil water without stepping on the snow. Yesterday’s wind and snow had kept the puppy in the main room all day; today, with the wind stilled and the snow light, he was cavorting in the courtyard. The dog’s paws left prints all over the ground. He ran about, weaving between legs, unable to stop. He had grown fat, and winter’s thick fur made him look plump. His fur trembled as he ran, his ears constantly shaking. He was young and this was his first snow, and one could imagine how happy he was.

The three big dogs were much more composed than he was. Dabai even stood at the door of the main room to peek outside, then lay back down on the sack and refused to come out.

Shen Xuanqing was shoveling snow in the front yard, and when he turned around, he saw the puppy digging in a snowdrift. Snow flew as the puppy seemed to burrow deeper, and in a moment his head was nearly buried.

Shen Xuanqing came back with the shovel, cleared the snow and quickly flung it toward the puppy, trying to bury him in the snowdrift. The puppy, startled by the sudden strike from behind, barked and shook with excitement. After the snow fell, he stretched his front paws and lay down, apparently merely playing. When Shen Xuanqing shoveled snow onto him again, the puppy turned around and ran away. Seeing that the snow didn’t fall from his body, he turned his head and barked at Shen Xuanqing twice.

Lu Gu sat in front of the stove, boiling water. When he heard the movement outside, he looked toward the open kitchen door and only saw the puppy’s afterimage running past. He was still dazed from waking up, thinking Guaizi had gone crazy so early in the morning.

Poking chickens and teasing dogs had always been the lazy man’s favorite pastime. Shen Xuanqing played with the dog for a while and turned around with a smile, intending to resume shoveling the snow. The puppy, seeing him turn, followed stealthily, creeping to frighten him. When he got close, he suddenly pounced on Shen Xuanqing’s heels.

Unexpectedly, Shen Xuanqing whirled around quickly, moved with speed, he shoveled the snow and tossed it at the puppy. The pup was so frightened that he stopped his attack at once, and when struck by snow, he let out a yell that woke Lu Gu, who came out to see what was wrong.

“It’s okay; I was just playing with him.” He looked over, and Shen Xuanqing scratched his head in embarrassment, realizing he had been childish.

Seeing that the puppy was fine, with only a little snow clinging to him, Shen Xuanqing slowly retracted the shovel. Lu Gu understood what had happened at a glance, smiled lightly, and didn’t take it to heart.

He went to the low house and took a white cabbage, peeled away a layer of wilted leaves, chopped it, and mixed it with wheat bran and chaff to feed the rabbits.

The pair of wild rabbits had given birth to six kits. In winter, the rabbit cage was kept in the woodshed, with a thick nest padded with hay and straw.

The white cabbages were stockpiled at home for winter consumption. There were plenty, but after winter there would be fewer rabbits. He peeled off and chopped one or two leaves for them.

There were too many chickens and ducks. They ate rice bran, wheat bran, and hay, but Lu Gu occasionally mixed in chopped vegetable leaves.

Winter was cold, and the cubs could easily die without warmth, so the male and female rabbits were kept separate.

Seeing Lu Gu peeling cabbage, the rabbits gnawed bones and ate meat yesterday, and today he planned to give them something light. Shen Xuanqing said, “I’ll go buy some tofu, and we’ll stew it with tofu at noon.”

“Yes.” Lu Gu nodded. After a moment of thought, he added, “There’s still bone broth; do you want me to cut the radish and cook it with the bone broth?”

Yesterday, the six of them gnawed through all those bones and were very full from eating meat. While cleaning the kitchen, Lu Gu did not want to throw away the broth, but it wasn’t easy to store, so they needed to drink it soon. Even if you had money, Shen Xuanqing wasn’t prone to waste. Besides, big bone broth was a good thing. He suggested, “Add some goji berries; why not soak some dried mushrooms and cook them with radish and goji berries in the bone broth, so you won’t have to cook rice porridge at noon—just drink this.”