Chapter 34 Part 26


34 Part 26

Although they spoke of the bad things in the past, once they stopped talking about them, the meal remained very pleasant.

The autumn wind rustled the yellowing and green leaves on the ground, and the noonday sun still shone brightly. Beyond the large gate of the courtyard, fluffy chickens and ducklings clucked and squealed from time to time, pecking the grass and chasing insects.

Lu Gu released them today and went outside the courtyard to pick peppers with a bamboo basket. He was afraid the ducks would swim along the river when he couldn't see them, so he didn’t put them in the pond. Anyway, the ducks also ate leaves and caterpillars, so they were confined behind the fence with the chickens.

Autumn peppercorns were reddening; the bright red peppers looked numb under the sun, and they should be picked within two days, or they would dry and crack in the sun and be worthless if they fell to the ground. Bunches of bright red peppercorns were lifted off and dumped into the nearly full bamboo basket at his feet. His hands were black and dirty after picking all morning, and there was a numb, prickling scent. Be careful, or they would sting if pricked.

Lu Gu was alone. The two peppercorn trees were quite large, and there were a lot of peppercorns. He had only picked half of them so far, and he would have to work all afternoon like this.

Just picking them wasn’t enough. If the sun remained good these days, they would dry in the sun for two days. After drying, they could be stored. This wasn’t like vegetables; even if you used peppercorns with every meal, you wouldn’t eat much. If so, a large bamboo basket might not be emptied until the beginning of next spring. After a while, he would descend the mountain and carry the basket back home.

He remembered how Ji Qiuyue fried dried peppercorns in oil when cooking, and the oil would feel numb once it came out. After heating, she would pour it over cold dishes with a crackling sound. It tasted very distinctive.

Wanting to finish this job sooner, Lu Gu worked alone the entire day. He ate two steamed buns at noon with sour watercress to satisfy his hunger. Dinner was simple as well. The eggs, which he didn’t want to eat, were tucked into the pot with the steamed buns, and he waited for Shen Xuanqing to return to cook some rice wine—pouring in a little wine with some water and boiling it to drink, which was faster than cooking rice porridge and didn’t require lighting a fire. It was simple, but compared with the spicy fried rabbit meat and fish soup they had before, it was good enough for country folk.

When Shen Xuanqing came back in the evening, he heard a dog barking and hurried out from near the west wall. Three dogs ran over to surround him. During this time, even the black dog had become familiar with him, but because of the previous incident, Lu Gu still favored Dahaï the most. His hands were black and dirty, and he didn’t touch the heads of the three dogs.

Shen Xuanqing unloaded the heavy bamboo basket at the courtyard gate. Seeing that Lu Gu hadn’t finished his work, he went to look beyond the west wall as well.

“Not much.” Seeing that there weren’t many peppercorns left on the trees, he simply picked the rest with Lu Gu, and it wouldn’t be too late to eat later.

The chickens crowed inside the fence circle, the gate was closed, and Dahui stood upright with his front paws on the bamboo fence, looking in. He seemed relieved, and after getting down, he steadied himself. The other dogs weren’t stupid either; they followed suit, peeking inside as well.

Lu Gu and Shen Xuanqing turned their backs to them and didn’t see this scene.

Shen Xuanqing had spent the day roaming the mountains and hadn’t seen Lu Gu at all. He wanted to talk to fulang upon his return, so he thought of a question and asked, “What are we eating today?”

Lu Gu seldom asked what Shen Xuanqing brought back, so Shen Xuanqing would ask Lu Gu.

When he heard that rice wine needed to be cooked, Shen Xuanqing said, “Then you cook it first, and I’ll pick the rest and carry it back.”

Lu Gu obeyed and went back first. He saw Shen Xuanqing’s big basket at the courtyard gate. He wanted to carry it by hand, but after a moment he didn’t move; it was too heavy and he had to give up.

As night fell, Lu Gu brewed the rice wine and set the food on the table. He was about to go out to call Shen Xuanqing for dinner when he saw him returning with the peppercorns and bamboo baskets, driving the chickens and ducks ahead.

After a day of hard work, they could rest once the courtyard gate was closed. The black dirt on Lu Gu’s hands wouldn’t wash off after several washes with wild soapberries, but it would slowly fade. That was the way with peppercorn-picking. He wasn’t in a hurry; he would wash them, and they would be clean in a few days.

“The fishes and shrimps in the river are getting fatter, and the loaches are fatter too. I won’t go out tomorrow. I’ll cast a net by the river to catch some fish, then catch some purple-bellied and green snails, and take them down the mountain to sell in two days.” Shen Xuanqing was still eating; he took a bite of scrambled eggs and was satisfied. There weren’t many eggs brought up the mountain this time, and they had eaten them twice already. This time, there should be no more eggs.

As for the season, some people said, “When the autumn wind blows, the loach fattens; the loach is better than ginseng in early winter.” In the past few years, he had learned from the people in Fucheng that they paid attention to “eating autumn.” Wild things sold well in the restaurants in town. Why not sell them for money? Right now purple-bellied loaches and green snails were quite expensive.

Shen Xuanqing was tired of running around in the mountains and forests every day. He had no horses or carts, and only relied on his two legs to travel. After a long time, people who were hard-pressed couldn’t stand it. Now he didn’t have to work as hard to earn money, but he also wanted to change jobs to rest his legs.

The other thing was his selfishness: he seemed to be growing more familiar with Lu Gu, but he could only see him when he came back at night. Besides, he had never experienced what others called being newlyweds. Not to mention anything else, it was inevitable that he had some thoughts in his heart and wanted to spend more time with fulang.