Chapter 33 Part 26


In the woods outside, the birds were singing crisply, and their song wound round the trees in several turns. Lu Gu sat in the yard and listened while he worked, thinking to himself: could these birds really be talking like people? The mountains were quiet, so listening to these sounds could be regarded as a kind of amusement.

After chopping the firewood and sweeping up the sawdust, Lu Gu carried the fish basket and the other basket to the river. Yesterday he came back a little late and didn’t check the fish, and now he saw that there were three fish in the net—one big and two small. The small ones were still longer than his palm. These three fish must have been trapped for a long time and hadn’t broken free. They looked listless for the moment. He cleaned them and killed them on a flat stone on the shore. He removed the internal organs and threw them into a basket to feed the ducks.

The chickens and ducklings that Shen Xuanqing bought back were not too small, and after several days of raising, they were ready to be eaten, just chop them up.

After killing the fish, he dug some earthworms from the mud by the river, which could be eaten by the chickens and ducks. Before Lu Gu returned with the fish basket, he grabbed the aquatic plants by the river and the chicken grass on the ground. He didn’t think much of it. He felt that people should eat vegetables and meat, and the ducks and chickens ate earthworms and fish offal; you still had to eat some greens to relieve the greasiness.

On the way back from the river, he could see a large, dense fence around a plot—this was for him to raise chickens. But because he was still too stingy with the few chickens and ducks he had, he planned to raise them in the backyard for another two days to let them grow a bit bigger; otherwise, if they were too small, what would he do if they couldn’t peck at the big bugs, or they would choke when they ate them? The little paws of the chickens were so small, incomparable to the big hen. He couldn’t even imagine how they would hold the bugs down with those tiny paws. No one knew about his worries, and fortunately no one knew, or people would laugh at him for being childish and careless.

Using a knife to chop the chicken grass, he crushed the fish viscera, mashed the greens and mixed them together, then Lu Gu carried the food bowl to the backyard to feed the chickens and ducks. Touching the fluffy birds, he felt satisfied. When they grew up, they would lay eggs. Ji Qiuyue had told him that Shen Xuanqing loved eggs. He never forgot that hens lay eggs every day, so Shen Xuanqing would have eggs to eat daily.

As for duck eggs, there was a river here and many people raised ducks, but because duck eggs were more fishy than chicken eggs, they were often salted into pickled eggs rather than fried. People liked them, but he didn’t know much about it yet. When he really saved duck eggs, whether they were sold or pickled, Shen Xuanqing shouldn’t care, then he could be master for a while. After thinking about it, he realized he was thinking too far, and he felt a little embarrassed with himself.

Lu Gu went back to the front yard and saw that the goji berries he had picked earlier had dried up. As they dried and reddened, it would be better to get more, so he put the bamboo basket on his back, slung the hatchet and scissors, locked the door, and set out.

Not far from the courtyard, there was a field of wild wolfberries, full of red fruits. He cut off branches heavy with small red fruits with the scissors, bundled them, and loaded them into the bamboo baskets. When the baskets were full, he picked up two small wolfberry trees that could be chopped and bore more fruit; they weren’t easy to carry, but he could drag them back.

A busy morning had passed, and Lu Gu hadn’t picked the branches, so he made a simple lunch for himself. He continued to work after eating, and when the goji berries were finished and the watercress was soaked in the jar, he had time to sit and rest under the eaves for a while.

In the kitchen there were fish and boiled lard, green snails and small purple crabs soaking in water to wash away the sand, vegetables grown in the yard, five bamboo plaques on wooden shelves to dry things—wolfberry, black mushrooms, other mushrooms, and medicinal materials. Lu Gu saw that all of these were at least indirectly related to him; after passing through his hands, he could eat or use them, and even sell them for money.

He still remembered how he couldn’t eat until he was full before, so he was more grateful and satisfied now that he was full, and he was never tired of working, because he could also share in these things.

After resting, he went to his room to fetch a sewing basket. He’d been busy going up the mountain for the past few days and hadn’t had time to make a purse. People who were capable of embroidery were generally dexterous, and Lu Gu was like this. He had not likely to get a suntan when he was young, and his fingers looked fine and white. But his hands were different from those who only did embroidery; they often bore scars or scratches. After all, they were used for work, and the palms of his hands were not delicate.

He sat alone in the yard, embroidering things without being disturbed, and the purse came out in the afternoon. The smaller purse bore a tiger pattern for Shen Xuanqing to use. When he used to embroider sachets and medicine pouches, he knew that men in towns would also use patterns of flowers and plants. They said it was elegant, because Shen Xuanqing was taller than others, and all Lu Gu could think of were patterns like lions, tigers, and leopards. He was afraid Shen Xuanqing wouldn’t want it.

In the evening, Shen Xuanqing came back. The fish soup stewed on the medicinal stove was gurgling, and the smell of vegetables drifted from the kitchen. The new money bag that Lu Gu handed over carefully, saying it was for ger, surprised him and pleased him a bit.