Chapter 7 Part 1


Chapter 7

Wei Lanxiang sat in the courtyard to catch her breath and do some needlework. When she saw Ji Qiuyue step out of the new room, she lowered her eyes and sewed the pockets, and asked, "How have you been getting along with him these past two days?"

Ji Qiuyue sat down beside her. Wei Lanxiang pulled a half-finished shoe sole from the sewing basket beside her feet and tucked it away.

"Mother, at least be honest," she said briskly. "He did whatever you asked, didn’t say a word, his thoughts are written on his face—easier to read than Lu Wen."

Ji Qiuyue's tone was brisk, because Lu Gu was still sleeping in the room; her voice was lower than usual, and she added, "He likes to keep clean; he washed his face and feet before going to bed. I think he’s rather afraid of the second brother."

Wei Lanxiang shook her head and admitted it now. "It's good to be honest, as long as you do your duty. He can live with your second brother. Still, courage needs to be practiced."

"That's right, mother. The second brother is taciturn, but he is a first-rate handsome man with a good temper. Given time, he’ll come to see it." Ji Qiuyue smiled. One of those words was for her own family, and the other was something Wei Lanxiang loved to hear.

Sure enough, Wei Lanxiang smiled, her face no longer sad. They heard the hens clucking in the backyard and she said, "They're laying eggs. You look after them and pick the eggs; tomorrow, count ten eggs, and then take a piece of meat back to see your mother."

"I know, mother." Ji Qiuyue rose to fetch the basket hanging under the kitchen eaves, her face bright with a smile.

Her mother had been ill a few days ago, but she had been busy with Shen Xuanqing's marriage, so she only gave a quick glance.

Everyone liked to hear good things; she said what her mother-in-law liked to hear, and the mother-in-law was happy, and Shen Yaoqing was also happy to see her mother-in-law happy—that, wasn’t this better than anything else?

Now the weather was hot, the hens didn’t lay eggs well, and prices had risen. Even in the past, it had not been easy to eat; you had to save and sell what you could. These eggs could be regarded as precious in the family. You could only eat a lot of things like this after you got married, and they still needed to save the eggs two months in advance for the last banquet.

Ten eggs were a rarity anyway. Pork was too fatty to eat regularly. If you also brought these eggs, it would be enough to give to her mother to nourish her body.

Although she would be going back to her parents’ house, Ji Qiuyue took these back to save face and let her picky little sister-in-law have nothing to say.

The others were busy with their own work, only Lu Gu slept all afternoon.

When he opened his eyes again, he was stunned for a moment before he fully woke up. He looked out of the courtyard from the window, and someone seemed to be peering in. When Ji Qiuyue saw him wake up, she smiled and said, "Wake up, let’s have a good meal. I was thinking of calling you just now."

The unhappiness at the Lu family yesterday had passed; since Lu Gu was chosen as fulang, it was better for the family to live in harmony.

After breakfast, he went back to sleep, woke again, and ate. No one beat or scolded him, something that had never happened to Lu Gu, so he quickly went out to help, fearing to make a mistake.

After thinking it over, Wei Lanxiang finally felt lighter. She sat under the eaves, packing up the sewing basket. When Lu Gu came out, he saw her and his face showed fear and confusion, and he stopped in his tracks.

Ji Qiuyue saw that he was cramped, and remembered that no one had mentioned his affairs to Lu Gu, so she smiled and said, "Don’t call mother yet; mother asked me to steam a bowl of egg custard for you—don’t let this kindness go to waste."

Lu Gu was timid; he grew shy only when frightened, and usually he would blink, otherwise he would have been beaten and scolded by Du Hehua for excuses.

Hearing Ji Qiuyue say this, he opened his eyes slightly, as if he couldn’t believe it, and he hesitated and whispered, "Mother."

Wei Lanxiang was not the sort to act like a mean mother-in-law, so she didn’t deliberately make things difficult for Lu Gu. Seeing that Lu Gu was obedient in everything, she nodded.

The quacking of ducks rose from the yard; Shen Yan carried a small basket, Shen Xuanqing followed behind her, and came back with two bales of grass on his back.

Many people didn’t dare to go into the deep mountains, so they often hunted hares and pheasants on the periphery. It was because of this that the game on the outer mountains had become rarer than before.

Shen Yan handed the task of chasing the ducks to Shen Xuanqing, and brought the basket of fish to Lu Gu. Her sleeves and pants were muddy, but her eyes were bright. She showed the fish in the basket to Lu Gu and said, "Brother Lu Gu, look, this is what Brother Erqing and I caught. We’ll make fish soup."

There were loaches and small fish with slender bodies in the basket. Although they did not look pretty, the fish soup would be delicious and nourishing, especially the loach, which could also fortify the body.