Chapter 92 Part 23


92 Part 23

For a while they put a lot of effort into it. Shen Xuanqing had earned money this year and bought a lot of firecrackers, and Ji Qiuyue also looked happy. Lu Gu even dared to light a small huoqihua in his hand, and even a second huoqihua or a malizi under Shen Yan's instigation. He was a little scared when he lit it, but he couldn’t help laughing after the malizi exploded.

After Shen Xuanqing brought out taipinghua, the whole family stopped talking about anything else. This taipinghua was half a foot high and as thick as the mouth of a bowl; it was really a big firecracker, and even Quanzi and Miao Chunsheng gathered around when they saw it. After Shen Xuanqing set it off, he stepped back, and after the loud explosion, sparks burst out suddenly, and the taipinghua shot up and exploded like a flower of fire, exquisitely beautiful. Seeing this, a dozen or so villagers in the village stretched their necks to look in that direction, only drawing back once the flames had gradually extinguished.

“It cost a lot of money.” Quanzi’s mother clicked her tongue. Shen Xuanqing smiled and said nothing, and brought out another one. This time, Shen Yan jumped up on the spot and yelled that she wanted to set it off. “Playing crazy, she’s really a crazy girl.” Wei Lanxiang quickly stopped her. She was twelve years old this year, and she was a big girl, so she shouldn’t go crazy like this. “Mother, let her go.” As the eldest son, Shen Yaoqing could still control his mother and younger sister. “Go, go.” Wei Lanxiang had no choice but to let Shen Yan go. Seeing that her little daughter was happy, she also smiled.

Their family bought a lot of firecrackers, and other people in the village came to watch after the New Year’s dinner. Later, Shen Xuanqing lit up the reddish-gold revolving horse lanterns. The lanterns spun as the horses chased them; the colors were beautiful, and many people came to the Shen’s house to watch, making it very lively. It was like this in the village: when the villagers knew someone had a rare thing, adults and children alike would come to have a look.

On New Year’s Eve, you have to stay up until dawn, and time passes faster when people come to chat and laugh. After the villagers dispersed and went home to do shousui, Lu Gu felt his ears suddenly quiet. Just now when someone had been watching the lanterns at home, he hadn’t noticed; now he looked up and realized it was late at night. Shen Xuanqing added charcoal to the brazier in the courtyard, and he and Shen Yaoqing stretched out their hands to warm themselves by the brazier. When there was nothing else to do, he dug out a bamboo cuju ball from the firewood room. It was old but still usable, so he invited the family to kick it in the yard, so that they wouldn’t feel cold while moving around.

When Wei Lanxiang saw that Lu Gu and Shen Yan had brought the last few dishes into the kitchen, she said, “Okay, you all go play; I’ll wash these dishes.” They had no rules when playing cuju; Shen Xuanqing kicked it to Lu Gu, and Lu Gu kicked it to Shen Yan, and the five of them played together in the yard. When they got cold, they warmed up next to the charcoal brazier. Shen Yaoqing kicked and kicked, then he dug out a few tianwogens from the mound in the corner and roasted them in the brazier.

It was a long time to stay up, so they had to eat some snacks to fill their stomachs; otherwise they would be hungry at night. This was also why they had bought Jiaoyaxing at the market earlier, but Jiaoyaxing is candy, which is generally loved by children. [胶牙饧 jiāo yá xíng: sugar made from malt, which is sticky to the teeth you eat it] Tired of kicking and having enough fun, they sat by the brazier and ate sweets. The fragrant, browned Jiaoyaxing wasn’t very sweet at first, but the more they chewed, the sweeter it became, and it was quite sticky. Lu Gu had eaten this kind of food when he was a child, and he ate it again this year. When he chewed it, it was so sweet in his mouth that it made his eyebrows and eyes curl up.

Shen Yaoqing used a wooden stick to pull out the tianwogen from the brazier. Since it was too hot, he asked Shen Yan to go to the kitchen to fetch a chopstick. When he inserted the chopstick into it, it became soft, so he said, “It’s cooked.” It would be fine to eat tianwogen on another day and taste a bit of sweetness, but today they ate the very sweet Jiaoyaxing first, and the tianwogen was kept to fill their stomachs.

The night was hazy and cold outside. After Shen Xuanqing added enough charcoal to the brazier, the family went back to their rooms and sat on the bed with tang pozi to keep warm. Otherwise, it would be too cold. They merely lit an oil lamp and stayed awake overnight. The rule of staying awake until dawn wasn’t that strict; as long as one or two people in the family were awake. When midnight arrived, it would truly be the New Year. Wei Lanxiang, worried about Ji Qiuyue, put on her clothes and went to her room to see her and let her sleep.

In the west room, Lu Gu and Shen Xuanqing took out the new clothes and sachets that they would wear tomorrow and placed them on chairs beside the bed so they could be worn when they woke up. Shen Xuanqing even told Ji Qiuyue to help Lu Gu comb his hair and to place a hairpin in the morning. They sat on the bed and talked, holding hands under the quilt. Sometimes when they did not speak, Shen Xuanqing would play with Lu Gu’s fulang’s fingers; the more he looked at them, the happier he was.

Lu Gu seldom stayed up this late; he had been busy these days, and today he had played all kinds of games, so he looked a bit sleepy. Seeing this, Shen Xuanqing moved the small kang table down, spread out the quilt, and said, “Go to sleep, I’ll keep watch.” Lu Gu glanced at him and answered in a low voice, “Mmm,” not fully awake. After lying down, when he saw that Shen Xuanqing was sitting at the head of the bed, he turned sideways, reached out his hand, and carefully grabbed a little hem of his clothes, and then fell asleep steadily. The candle flickered slightly; Shen Xuanqing looked down at his fulang and smiled.