Chapter 22 Part 7


The fire at the bottom of the pot rekindled, bright and majestic, reflecting on their faces. After Lu Gu blew out the oil lamp, he settled back in front of the stove to add more firewood.

Shen Xuanqing returned with a bamboo basket from outside; not understanding what was happening, he instinctively turned his face away.

Seeing his dazed gaze, Shen Xuanqing’s Adam’s apple bobbed slightly. He walked to the stove, crouching halfway, and drew things from the bamboo basket by the light of the flames.

On the top lay a ball of cloth, usually used to spread game on the street; otherwise it was laid on the ground and soiled, and some townsfolk could be picky.

Lu Gu had assumed the cloth ball would be set aside, but it turned out to wrap something—eggs, by the look of it.

“I caught a bamboo chicken, the female one, and she was so frightened that she laid an egg as soon as I caught her,” Shen Xuanqing said with a faint smile.

He placed the eggs into Lu Gu’s hands and pulled a hemp rope from the big bamboo basket. Underneath lay the bamboo chicken; it was not dead yet. Chickens were not very brave. Although their eyes were open, it remained alive.

Besides the bamboo chicken, there were two fat doves and a pair of hares. He had shot the fat doves with a slingshot; they seemed dead, but were merely feigning death.

Shen Xuanqing’s hunting skills had become quite good; even the dogs had been trained. The bamboo chickens’ wings were only injured, and they were alive, just like the rabbits. In the past, he could be heavy-handed, or fail to kill the wild animals in time. If the prey escaped the dogs’ mouths, the prey would still be killed. Generally, this sort of food couldn’t wait long, so you had to go down the mountain to sell it as soon as possible.

Living creatures were easy to handle. After a few days of keeping them, you could bring them down the mountain and sell them together, saving you many trips.

Lu Gu held the egg and watched Shen Xuanqing take out one thing after another. Even if it wasn’t for him, the harvest’s joy was contagious—the sight alone could make people happy.

No wonder he had been there all day; these were not a waste of time.

He realized then that Shen Xuanqing often went into the mountains, so he naturally knew how to avoid danger. He had been scared in the afternoon, and it frightened him half to death. Shen Xuanqing would hunt in the future often; you’d have to get used to it.

He secretly felt a twinge of embarrassment, and thankfully Shen Xuanqing didn’t know what he was thinking.

Shen Xuanqing emptied the basket, paused, and then looked up at Lu Gu. “This rabbit is still alive. If we can keep it, it happens to be a pair, and we’ll raise them to bear young, and they can be sold when they grow up.”

Hearing this, Lu Gu hesitated and asked softly, “Then I’ll weave a cage for them?”

He knew how to weave bamboo cages, and when Lu Daxiang couldn’t find a side job to do in the slack time, he would go to the mountains to cut bamboo and weave things from bamboo strips to sell.

Hearing this, Shen Xuanqing nudged the rabbit to Lu Gu’s feet and said, “Well, I’ll keep it for you. It’s easy to feed—just pull some grass outside, you don’t even need water.”

There were green grasses everywhere in the forest; there was no need to go far. Lu Gu nodded in response.

At this time, the water boiled, and Shen Xuanqing rose first to lift the pot lid. Seeing how much water there was, his throat tightened, and he turned his head to ask, “Would you like to wash first?”

Lu Gu was obviously flustered. When they were at the foot of the mountain, Ji Qiuyue and the others would boil a pot of water and scrub their bodies every few days. They took advantage of times when there was no man in the house.

After working for the past two days, he must have been covered with dust. If he could scrub himself with hot water, that would be wonderful. Moreover, he didn’t dare refuse Shen Xuanqing, so he lowered his head and said “OK” in a voice as soft as a mosquito’s buzz. Fortunately, there were only the two of them here; otherwise Shen Xuanqing would have heard it.

The two took turns scrubbing in the kitchen. There was a fire burning under the stove, and once the kitchen door was closed, it was warm and not too cold.

Lu Gu didn’t dare delay. He lay down first after hastily washing; there was no light in the room, and his ears burned in the night, and the feeling didn’t subside for a long time.

While he scrubbed, Shen Xuanqing waited in the west room and didn’t come out. For Shuang’er, who barely understood human affairs, the mere notion that a man might be undressing and scrubbing would be enough to make him feel hot and afraid to face anyone.

Because Shen Xuanqing washed his hair, he added more firewood to the stove and heated it for a long time. After a long delay, Lu Gu’s embarrassment subsided when he returned, and he felt sleepy.

There were two of them in bed now, and they were so close that Lu Gu could smell the wild soapberries in Shen Xuanqing’s hair. They were faint but clean.

He didn’t dare wash his hair in such a cold night, for he was still very cold, so he decided he would wash his hair tomorrow in the sunshine, otherwise if it got dirty he would be disgusted.

It grew late, and the two of them did not speak in the dark, each falling asleep with their own thoughts.

In the middle of the night, Lu Gu—who was supposed to be sound asleep—woke in a daze. He dreamed that his hands and feet were tied and he felt uncomfortable. He never would have thought that he would find himself in Shen Xuanqing’s arms after waking up.

Being held by such a tall man frightened him so much that he woke with a start. His heart seemed to tremble, and he tried to roll away from the man’s embrace back to his own position, but Shen Xuanqing moved and held him even tighter.

He clung to that hard, strong chest—broad and powerful, unshakable.

Lu Gu was neither tall nor short, an ordinary boy who sometimes appeared taller beside someone shorter, but before the towering Shen Xuanqing he looked like a skinny chick. There was no use struggling in someone’s arms.

His heart hammered. The heat and the suffocating presence of the tall man overwhelmed him, and he grew nervous in the dark alone. The person holding him never let go, and even as he stirred he seemed to sleep through it.