Chapter 47 Part 1


There was constant chatter and laughter in the courtyard, and Lao Yang tapped two hazelnuts for Ni’er, interjecting from time to time. Yang Xian was still busy with the tavern, so he sat with them for a while and then left.

Lu Gu didn’t talk much; he only agreed in a low voice when someone asked him, but gradually he let go of his anxiety, thinking that shifu’s family were decent people.

It was just that he thought he was going to call Shimu, but Shen Xuanqing called aniang.

Speaking of which, this happened several years ago.

Shen Xuanqing worshiped Lao Yangtou as his shifu at the age of ten, and Yan Shi was still living with Lao Yangtou in Qingxi Village at that time.

Shen Xuanqing was a handsome boy when he was a child; he grew tall early, and he was nimble in running and jumping. Lao Yang saw that he was a piece of talent, so he not only taught him hunting skills but also taught him some fists, feet, and sticks.

After worshiping as a student, he often went to Lao Yangtou’s house. Yan Shi saw that he was Junsheng, and after a long time she treated Shen Xuanqing as half of her son, and it was strange to call her shimu, so she simply asked Shen Xuanqing to call her mother.

At that time Wei Lanxiang was unhappy about this matter, why did her youngest son call someone else mother, but seeing that Lao Yangtou and Yan Shi were both good to Shen Xuanqing, sometimes she didn’t need her own mother to manage the food and drink, and even made clothes for him, and she had to give in.

Shen Xuanqing was also smart, and when he realized it, he always talked well about his shimu in front of Wei Lanxiang.

After three years of apprenticeship with Lao Yang, Yang Xian’s wife gave birth and needed someone to take care of things, so Yan Shi had to come to Jixing Town, and she couldn’t see her Erqing boy from a distance, and sometimes he kept talking about him.

Another two years later, Lao Yang was getting older, and he had taught Shen Xuanqing everything he should have taught him. He had no one to cook in the village, and it was not decent to go to Shen’s house to eat often. It was flourishing, and Yang Xian had money in his hands. Seeing that his father was getting old, he asked him to come to the town. It happened that he and his second brother both had children, so he let the old man and the old lady who had nothing to do spoil their grandchildren and enjoy themselves.

At that time Shen Xuanqing’s father was gone; some money for seeing a doctor and getting medicine was given by the old hunter, and later Wei Lanxiang asked him to borrow the money for good medicine and to save his father’s life. After Shen Shunfu left, Lao Yang went to town; Shen Xuanqing had been away from his shifu since then, busy helping his family earn money to pay off the debts.

In the past three years while Shen’s family was still busy paying off debts, their young daughter-in-law bore another child to take care of, and Yan Shi was still worried about her grandson. She was so busy that she only went back twice, carrying meat and eggs, and urging Lao Yang to drive the donkey cart.

Before going back for the first time, she knew that the Shen family’s second wife was not doing well, and she already knew it, but when she really saw her dark and skinny second boy, she wiped her tears and cried; he was so thin as if he had never eaten meat, and she felt so uncomfortable. She was old, had an illness, and the donkey cart was bumpy. After seeing Shen Xuanqing twice, she never went back. She either scolded Lao Yang to bring meat and food back to Qingxi Village, or called Yang Xian to go.

This summer, when Shen Xuanqing got married, she went back to Shen’s house for two days. On the day he married his fulang, after the feast, Yang Xian was busy returning to town to take care of the tavern, and then drove back with his family. Besides their rules here, the bridegroom was veiled, which had to be uncovered by the groom. After the family members had seen him, they didn’t go out to meet outsiders the next day.

Jixing Town was far away, so the Yang family didn’t know what happened after they got married.

While talking and laughing, a slightly plump woman came in from outside the door, and Yan Shi quickly said: “Ni’er’s mother, let’s see who is coming—Erqing and his fulang called Guzi.”

Zhang Shi came back after buying hair oil. She was also a very kind person. Knowing that her mother-in-law regarded Shen Xuanqing as her son, she said with a smile: “Erqing and Guzi are here, hurry up and sit down. It’s a coincidence that we will go to the tavern tonight to eat.”

“Look, Ni’er loves to eat chestnuts and hazelnuts, all of which are brought by the second boy, a sack of new rice and goji berries, etc. I took some old ones, and carried them into the house.” Yan Shi was even happier to hear her say that they would go to the tavern to eat. Her second boy was so filial, so everyone should know.

When Zhang Shi saw the basket full of things, she really had a lot of thoughts. She knew that the Shen family hadn’t been doing well in the past three years. Most of the time, the old lady scolded and asked her to make up for her precious second boy. A lot, but it’s all for nothing. She didn’t say it to the old lady, she just figured it out in her heart, and sometimes she felt uncomfortable and had calculations with Yang Xian, but Yang Xian was filial and refused to disobey the old lady’s wishes, so he could only comfort her and let her open some.

Looking at the kitchen now, there were a lot of qiucai, and there were two pheasants outside the kitchen. Shen Xuanqing presumably brought them here. After thinking about bringing so many things here, it seemed that the Shen family was not the white-eyed wolf that she thought before. Although Zhang Shi had a bit of a plan, she was not a bad person. People treated her well, and she treated others well. Now the kind smile on her face became sincere, and she smiled in response to Yan Shi’s words: “Erqing is tired all the way, I come back to see Aunt Wang’s house picking sour fruit at the entrance of the alley, I want some for you to try.”

She put away the hair oil as she said that, and Ni’er wanted to follow her.

It was getting late, Yan Shi thought of something, got up and said to Shen Xuanqing beside her, “Don’t leave tonight; I will make a bed for you two, stay for two days.” There was still a wink, so needless to say, he followed into the room and joined hands.