Chapter 100


Not every girl and Shuang’er was skilled at embroidering handkerchiefs and sachets. If the embroidery looked sloppy enough to make people laugh, it was better to buy them. In addition, a handkerchief was handy for wiping sweat, hands, and faces. Everyone should carry one, and they were cheap. For those with a little money in town, they could easily replace a worn-out one with a new one.

Along the way, the handkerchiefs in Lu Gu’s bamboo basket became the best sellers. Because of the beautiful embroidery patterns and delicate stitches, they were most loved by the wives. Lu Gu sold his handkerchiefs cheaply—three copper coins apiece—and he didn’t back down when a bargainer pressed him. When he came out of Huamei Alley, all the twenty-three handkerchiefs he had brought were sold out.

Huamei Alley was considered a gathering place for Fenggu Town’s wealthy families. The girls in the boudoir were not easy to show their faces outside. Usually, an old woman or grandma would bring handkerchiefs and sachets embroidered by the embroiderer to their home, letting them pick and choose. For small profits they could sell them cheap, though they could also fetch higher prices, depending on how well one spoke for the wares. gè bù xiāng tóng (各不相同): differ from one another. It was also because Lu Gu’s embroidery skill was good and it looked as if he had put in real effort, so many people were willing to buy them, as long as they were not made perfunctorily.

Lu Gu was lucky today. As soon as he entered Huamei Alley, he started peddling, shouting three copper coins for a piece. A woman who was about to enter a door with a vegetable basket paused when she heard the price. She turned around to have a look and wanted to buy a handkerchief with flower embroidery for herself. But when she saw the things Lu Gu sold, she also called the masters of the family she served, and they bought five of them as soon as they saw that the wares were good.

In fact, small rich families were not much different from ordinary people. At most, they lived affluently and could afford servants, unlike the rich and powerful families who had all kinds of rules about not going out. Lu Gu and the others talked in the alley; soon three nearby families heard them and came out to have a look.

Lu Gu smiled naturally when he met a talkative person. He knew how to speak without Shen Xuanqing’s help, and he successfully sold three sachets and laozis. He greeted grandma and aunt; he was well-behaved, fair-skinned and good-looking, his clothes clean, making the elder aunts and fulangs feel that he was pleasing to the eye when they looked at him. This business was much better than before.

He sold a sachet for forty copper coins to a grandma; in the end he also gave her a handkerchief. She was so happy and told him to come next time and that she would buy again. After coming out of Huamei Alley, he was obviously much happier.

Not all the aunts and grandmas earlier were easy to talk to. There was a woman with gold and silver who looked down on his wares. She raised her chin when she looked at people and muttered a few harsh words, but he was busy doing business with others, so he couldn’t even take care of his own grievance when he tucked away the money he had earned.

Because of this, he suddenly felt that the words of others were nothing. If the business didn’t go well, he would switch to someone else. There would always be someone who would appreciate his embroidery work. Besides, he himself felt that his embroidery work was not bad. When his mother was alive, people in town even asked his mother to make some for their families.

Shen Xuanqing saw how happy he was, the joy of earning money almost written on his face, and it was easy to guess, so he asked with a smile, “How much did you earn?”

Just now, when Lu Gu was selling, because they were all women and fulangs, he had stepped aside and waited near him. When Lu Gu heard him mention money, his eyes lit up. He turned his head and spoke, calculating as he went: “I sold one sachet for forty copper coins and twenty-two handkerchiefs; the last one I gave to someone, so it’s sixty-six copper coins. As for Luozi, I sold four small ones, that’s twenty copper coins.”

“En.” He paused, and after counting in a low voice, he looked up and said to Shen Xuanqing, “It’s one hundred twenty-six copper coins.”

“That’s a lot.” The firewood he hauled with the cart had only earned sixty copper coins, so he smiled and said, “You earned a lot today.”

The compliment made Lu Gu a little embarrassed, but the smile on his face didn’t disappear. After the winter break, he had stayed home to do embroidery, and most of it had been for the family’s use. It was cold, so he didn’t go into town, and sales were low. This time, he earned more copper coins in Huamei Alley alone. He was happy and excited.