Chapter 5 Part 2


Lu Gu was the only one left in the courtyard. It was already dark, and the Shen family hadn’t lit any lamps, but there were stars and a pale moon in the sky that cast a cold light over the yard. A bowl of hot egg noodles in oily broth, something Lu Gu often went hungry without, warmed him a little.

He washed his face and looked up at the crescent moon above. The night was so quiet that it felt as if he were alone in the world. He stood there dumbfounded, gazing at the bright moon for a long time, and finally thought to himself: wait until the fifteenth full moon to visit my mother’s grave; otherwise, if I die, no one will go to her grave.

The sun rose, and the sky grew bright. In the Shen family’s firewood room, Shen Yan squat by the haystack, tilting her head to poke the face of the person buried in the hay with a finger. Lu Gu, his head wrapped in a bloodstained linen cloth, did not wake. She started a little, instinctively reached out to feel his nostrils, and breathed a sigh of relief when she found the breath shallow but steady.

The rest of the Shen family also got up. Shen Xuanqing was washing his face when Wei Lanxiang called him into the room.

“Mother.” He said, drying his hands with a towel.

Wei Lanxiang leaned on a square pillow and sighed softly when she saw her second son, then asked, “What are you going to do with him?” It was obvious who “him” referred to.

Hearing this, Shen Xuanqing frowned slightly, obviously not thinking about it. After a moment’s thought, he said, “Mother, it’s him.”

Although it was an expected answer, Wei Lanxiang lowered her eyes in anger. She couldn’t even express her remorse; her face was full of unwillingness and discomfort.

Shen Xuanqing understood what his elder lady was thinking. She had originally wanted to marry him off to a good fulang, but Lu Gu had come along, and after this incident he no longer had any thoughts or expectations about marriage. He whispered, “I owe 10 taels to my maternal uncle’s family, and I said I would repay it in May next year. Let’s not talk about that now. There’s the New Year in six months, and I’ll need money. When will this be settled?”

“Alas.” Wei Lanxiang sighed; she understood the truth, but she was unwilling.

For Shen Xuanqing’s marriage this time, the 20 taels of dowry could barely be cobbled together, but the wedding wasn’t only about dowry; there were other expenses. After tallying the costs, the money on hand wasn’t enough to cover everything, so she had to borrow from her own family. From her eldest brother they had obtained 10 taels of silver.

In fact, if Shen Xuanqing hadn’t been willing to ask Lu Gu, it wouldn’t have been impossible to find the money when the debt was repaid. But in rural areas, men who couldn’t marry a wife are ridiculed; the older they were, the worse the ridicule, and finding a wife would become harder.

When Wei Lanxiang saw the look in her second son’s eyes, she knew he had made a decision. No matter what, it wasn’t too bad to take Lu Gu to make up the difference; the money was gone, but at least they could gain a person.

She rubbed her forehead and said, “Okay, I understand. You can go to work.”

At this point, while Lu Gu slept, he had already become Shen Xuanqing’s ger, not the fiancé he had imagined last night; he had been bought to be Shen’s servant for cattle and horses.

What Shen Xuanqing hadn’t said was that if he had chosen someone else, he might not have wanted them anyway. The reason he accepted Lu Gu was the few words of conscience Lu Gu had spoken yesterday, which made him realize that Lu Gu was different from the other Lu family members.

Because of those blood-streaked words, the rest of the Shen family did not resist Lu Gu as strongly as one might have expected. Besides, he was not the one who had broken their hearts.

In the firewood room, the drowsy Lu Gu woke up from a poke on his cheek. After he saw Shen Yan’s face clearly, he realized it was already bright outside, and his pale face changed with a flash of fear as he prepared to get up and head out to boil water and start work.

Who would have known that he rose too quickly, and before he could stand firm, it went black in front of him. If it hadn’t been for Shen Yan’s quick hands and eyes to support him, he might have collapsed.

“Why are you in such a hurry? There’s no ghost driving you,” Shen Yan said, puzzled. She helped him sit down again and brushed a few strands of hay from his hair.

After the darkness faded from his vision, Lu Gu steadied himself.

Shen Yan followed him out of the firewood room, speaking as they walked. “Your medicine is fried. You can drink it after you eat.”

The yard reeked of the medicine, and others helped to decoct it. This felt unfamiliar to Lu Gu. When he was at home, if he got sick, he would either get over it on his own or go to the backyard to brew medicine himself, and his stepmother would scold him when the smell wafted out.

Shen Xuanqing came out of the room and saw the pale face, and his steps faltered.

Last night, he had heard a faint movement as Lu Gu opened the firewood-room door. At that time, he had felt uneasy. He turned over a few times and told himself that as long as no one ran away, he wouldn’t be bothered. Besides, it would be improper for a shuang’er to be summoned into his room.

As for Lu Gu waking just now, he understood. Yesterday he had been struck, his head bleeding. His body was thin, but there was nothing more wrong with him.

After seeing Shen Xuanqing, Lu Gu’s fear showed on his face; he even paused when he was about to go to the kitchen.

At that moment Wei Lanxiang shouted from the room, “Shen Yan, go out and put the chicken away. It’s getting late.”

“I know, mother. I’ll go now.” Shen Yan replied, and she tossed the chicken in her hand, playing with it. She took the bamboo basket hanging under the kitchen eaves and headed to the backyard. When she returned, she looked at Shen Xuanqing, pondering what Lu Gu’s position in the family would be in the future.

Shen Yan’s departure left Lu Gu more unsettled, and a look of fear for Shen Xuanqing seemed etched on his face.

Fortunately, Ji Qiuyue stood by the kitchen window, looking out, and said to Lu Gu, “Wash your face and bring the food in.”

Shen Xuanqing realized the fear in Lu Gu’s eyes and frowned, but he still went into the main room; otherwise, Lu Gu’s head might simply drop.