Chapter 82 Part 48


Speaking of hair cakes, Wei Lanxiang suddenly thought of something, turned to Ji Qiuyue and said, “Didn't your third uncle bring back some red dates last time? Didn't you tell Daqing yesterday that you wanted a cake or something, and mother will make jujube cake for you tomorrow.”

The road ahead had not been easy these days. Ji Qiuyue didn’t urge Shen Yaoqing to go to town to buy pastries, but she mentioned it when she thought of the pastry’s taste, and Wei Lanxiang understood.

She pursed her lips and smiled: “Okay, I’ll make it with mother tomorrow.”

The red dates had been given to Shen Xuanqing last time when he brought badger meat to Shen Shunwang. No one in their family liked badger meat, but they had so much of it that giving some to relatives and close friends wouldn’t hurt.

While they spoke, Shen Yaoqing came back from outside, and he saw a pile of claw fruits on the bamboo platter. He squatted down, picked two to eat, and didn’t rise; he remained squatting and said: “Zhengzi has gone.”

Wei Lanxiang stopped her hands. Zhang Zhengzi and Shen Xuanqing were the same age, only nineteen this year. She sighed and asked, “What about his mother?”

“She didn’t know at first, but when she found out, she didn’t catch her breath and fainted,” Shen Yaoqing replied.

Thinking of Lao Zhang, Wei Lanxiang sighed again and asked, “How about Wanyun?”

“She became stupid, didn’t respond, couldn’t speak. Quanzi Fulang helped her to sleep at his house.”

After Shen Yaoqing finished speaking, she felt that it would be good for Li Wanyun that Zhang Zhengzi was gone; no one would beat her anymore, but she had also become a widow.

Both Shen Xuanqing and Shen Yaoqing felt that men who beat their wives and fulangs were the most incompetent, and they usually looked down on Zhang Zhengzi, but now that he was dead, there was nothing to look down on.

“Did they say when to bury him?” Wei Lanxiang continued to cut the claw fruits.

Zhang Zhengzi was too young to have any children, but Qingxi Village was close-knit; in other villages, he might not even be allowed to enter the ancestral graves.

“There were so many people in the house, it was such a mess. I heard my uncle say there would be a three-day mourning period and to keep everything simple,” Shen Yaoqing picked up a claw fruit to eat but was chided by Ji Qiuyue and told to wash it first.

Shen Yaoqing smiled, he grabbed a handful of claw fruits, stood up and said, “You can eat more after washing.”

Lu Gu listened from beside him, and when he heard that Zhang Zhengzi was dead, he thought of Li Wanyun, and heard Shen Yaoqing say that she had become stupid, couldn’t speak, and he felt a little uncomfortable. Li Wanyun didn’t talk much; although they didn’t meet often, he thought she was an honest and good person.

Wei Lanxiang hadn’t finished cutting the claw fruits when she suddenly remembered something. She hurried into the room, dug out a piece of red cloth from a box, sat by the bed and cut the red cloth. She took it out and handed it to Ji Qiuyue, whispering: “Don’t go out these days. Take this and change your belt with it.”

The Zhang family lived too close to our house, and we were afraid of being disturbed, so we had to block it with a red cloth. Ji Qiuyue didn’t say much and went back to her room to change her belt.