Chapter 56


It was windy at night, but it didn’t rain all night. Shen Xuanqing rose early the next day, and the sky remained gloomy. In the mountains rain can come as soon as it’s spoken of, and if it starts halfway through, it’s hard to find shelter; so he wouldn’t venture out, and it wouldn’t be too late to go hunting after the weather cleared. A lot of fallen leaves were blowing in from the courtyard, so he took a large bamboo broom and swept the leaves outside the courtyard gate.

After Lu Gu got up, he went to the kitchen to boil water first. The flint struck sparks, quickly igniting the dry grass and wooden chips on the hay. Once the flames caught, Lu Gu placed the small pile of hay at the bottom of the stove. After the hay burned, he added more hay and good firewood, and the fire at the bottom of the stove gradually grew stronger.

The country folk couldn’t afford Huozhangzi (a tight paper roll made of very rough earthen paper; it is ignited and then blown out. Although there is no flame, red bright spots can be seen burning faintly, just like the fire in the ashes. The embers can last a long time. There are phosphorus and some oxygen-friendly substances in it. When the temperature is high, if you blow it with your mouth or shake it quickly, it will fully contact with oxygen and burn violently). These embers are long-lasting and useful, even if no flame is present.

After boiling, he washed first. The wrung cloth towel was still hot, and it was very comfortable to wipe the face. Then he poured clean hot water for Shen Xuanqing and brought it out. He went into the kitchen, added some water to the pot, and picked up the rice wine jar. Shaking it with his hand, he brought some rice wine to the pot. Shen Xuanqing wouldn’t go out today; it was cold, and cooking some rice wine would warm him up.

After setting up the bamboo steamer, he put in some steamed buns and two eggs. This time Wei Lanxiang brought eight eggs and six salted duck eggs, enough for several days. There was no need to worry about the fire—he added firewood again after a while. Outside, Shen Xuanqing finished sweeping the front yard and went to the backyard with a shovel to rake the chicken and duck manure.

Lu Gu took a small broom and a feather duster to clean the house. Halfway through the work, it was time to add firewood to the bottom of the stove; when he saw Shen Xuanqing enter the kitchen, he called, “I’ll add more firewood.” Shen Xuanqing came out again, carried a burning piece of firewood in his hand, and planned to fetch a handful of medicinal leaves from the back yard. The chickens and ducks raised by them were not as numerous as those at the house, but there was still a need to drive away the smell. “Okay,” Lu Gu nodded.

After the two of them finished their work and had breakfast, Lu Gu washed the two bowls and dug a large qiucai in the front-yard vegetable field. Taking advantage of this time, he washed and cut the vegetables and the rabbit Shen Xuanqing killed last night into pieces, so by noon he only needed to fry them.

Shen Xuanqing had nothing to do. Seeing that it hadn’t rained yet, he took a wooden fork from the woodshed and said, “I’ll go to the river and see if I can fork some fish back.” Lu Gu agreed, and the puppy saw that the big dogs following Shen Xuanqing out; he wolfed down the last piece of steamed bun and followed them.

The weather today wasn’t good, so there was no need to let the chickens and ducks out. Lu Gu had cut a lot of grass yesterday; after finishing the work in the kitchen, he scooped a bowl of chaff, chopped the grass in the backyard, and mixed it into the chaff to feed the chickens and ducks—faster growth than pure grass.

With no prey to feed, Lu Gu saw the water tank was running low, so he went out with a wooden bucket. Shen Xuanqing was spearing fish in the river with his trousers rolled up, and the puppy followed the big dogs to play on the bank. As soon as he saw Lu Gu, he ran over excitedly, barking.

Seeing him approach with a wooden bucket, Shen Xuanqing said, “There’s no water? You put it first, and I’ll fetch water later.” Before Lu Gu could speak, Shen Xuanqing stabbed the wooden fork into the river, and water splashed. When he picked it up, a not-so-small fish was stuck on the fork. The fish basket lay to the side; Lu Gu quickly brought it over. There was already a fish in the fish basket, Shen Xuanqing stood in the river, and he simply extended the wooden fork toward Lu Gu.

The fish, impaled on the fork, flopped a few times before it stopped moving. Lu Gu pulled the fish down; it was easier than wringing a live fish. Not everyone could spear a fish with such agility. Previously, he had only set nets and waited a day or two to collect the fish. He didn’t have to bother to get into the water, so Lu Gu didn’t know that Shen Xuanqing could spear fish so accurately.

The two of them often cast nets in this stretch of water, and the fish became clever and moved their tails quickly. In addition, the river water was very cold, so Shen Xuanqing speared three big fish and came up.

“After the rains, the river water will rise, and there must be more fish and shrimp. After the rain stops, we’ll catch the fish with the net,” Shen Xuanqing said, wading to the shore, handing the wooden fork to Lu Gu, and finding a stone to sit on. He sat there and stroked the water on his legs with his hand.

“Well, I just don’t know if it will rain today,” Lu Gu said, looking up at the sky.

“I can’t tell,” Shen Xuanqing dried his legs for a while. It was cold when the wind blew, and he forgot to bring a cloth to wipe his legs when he went out. He didn’t want Lu Gu to run back to fetch it, so he wiped his legs with his pants and went back to change into clean pants; his shoes also needed washing.

Since he needed to change his shoes and pants, he simply got up and went to the muddy river to dig up earthworms and loaches. It was cold, and the mud was cold, so he didn’t let Lu Gu come down. “Go back and boil some water later; you can soak your legs in hot water.”

Lu Gu squatted on the bank, picked a few leaves from the big tree, and laid the earthworms Shen Xuanqing had discarded on the leaves. He went back to chop and feed them to the chickens and ducks; they would grow better with this mix than with pure grass.

“Yeah.” Shen Xuanqing smiled and agreed. His fulang valued him so much; he was naturally happy in his heart and added, “If you can’t finish eating the loach, you can dry it the way you dry the fish and save it for winter.”
