Chapter 77


The balm had a subtle effect, neither too strong nor too weak, and Lu Gu could clearly feel the difference in his body. He was almost ashamed to death, yet he could not fully control his voice and immediately covered his mouth tightly. But he gradually loosened his grip and let out a sound that made Shen Xuanqing blush. After all, it was no better at home than on the mountain.

Lu Gu’s hands were tired, but fortunately Shen Xuanqing reached out from behind and covered his mouth for him. Being thus covered by that powerful hand, Lu Gu felt a little relieved and tried his best to endure everything. It was obviously winter, and though the coldness came in from the outside because of the current situation, the bed was still so warm that he wanted to stretch his hands and feet outside to cool off.

The moon in the sky was hidden behind clouds, and darkness suddenly fell.

In the early morning, the door squeaked, and the coldness hit their faces. People couldn’t help but shrink their necks, rub their hands and faces, and then take firewood to the kitchen to boil water. The puppy hopped off the sack, yawned and stretched, and ran into the kitchen with a “wow.”

“Brother Daqing, you got up so early.” Shen Yan rose and heard the movement in the kitchen, and when she came over, she saw Shen Xuanqing, and she thought it was Lu Gu who was busy in the kitchen. “It’s not that your sister-in-law said she was thirsty. She drank little water yesterday afternoon.” Shen Yaoqing added firewood to the bottom of the stove. Unable to bear something brushing his feet, he pushed the puppy aside.

Seeing that there was no white steam rising from the side of the pot, Shen Yan said, “It’s still early. Wait until it boils for sister-in-law to drink, then put a few steamed buns on the shelf to warm up.” “Okay, I see.” Shen Yaoqing agreed.

It was too cold outside, and the water was not yet boiled, so Shen Yan went back to the room. With the crowing of the cock and the barking of the dog, the entire Qingxi Village woke up one after another, and the voices in every house gradually rose.

Winter was cold, and it was not easy to get up; he had gone to bed late last night, so when Lu Gu woke up, he couldn’t help lingering in bed.

“Don’t worry, brother has boiled the water.” Shen Xuanqing came in from outside, and closed the door when he saw that Lu Gu was about to get dressed.

After seeing Shen Xuanqing, Lu Gu recalled what had happened last night, his face and ears flushed, he lowered his head and did not dare to look.

No matter how stupid he was, he still knew that the balm last night was different; otherwise he wouldn’t have behaved like that. He didn’t know where Shen Xuanqing had obtained it, and he was so dishonest.

Seeing him like this, Shen Xuanqing didn’t know why, so he gave a fake cough and pretended not to remember anything, and said, “The weather is bad today, and it’s still windy outside, so wear more.”

Lu Gu didn’t speak, just nodded to indicate that he knew.

“I’m going to change the water for Tang Pozi so it stays hot under the quilt.” Shen Xuanqing walked over and said, and he took Tang Pozi from the end of the bed.

At this moment, Lu Gu also dressed and got out of bed, and after that he rubbed his hot face before bending over to fold the bed.

Breakfast at home was always simple—steamed buns with pickles were enough to fill you up; today they cooked an extra egg for Ji Qiuyue.

After eating, Lu Gu swept the courtyard clean, and the tables, chairs, and benches in the main room were swept with a feather duster. The chickens, ducks, and geese were fed, so there was no need for him to go there again.

After finishing his busy work and having nothing else to do, Shen Xuanqing called him and Shen Yan to study. The wind was getting stronger, it was really cold, and it was too cold for the hands to be exposed outside when they wrote, so they lit a brazier in the main room, brought Tang Pozi to the table, and held it over it to warm their hands when it was cold, otherwise they would get frostbite. The two of them didn’t need to take examinations, and they didn’t need to be like the poor students who didn’t dare to relax and neglect their bodies all the time.

Because they were serious, Shen Xuanqing even saved the ruler (for the punishment).

The brazier was lit, and Wei Lanxiang came over with a sewing basket and sat down. She took out soft cotton cloth to make the soles. She couldn’t use rags to make the tiger-head shoes for the baby; it was too hard, and the linen was not good. So she bought some cotton cloth and colored embroidery thread. She knew how to make tiger-head shoes, and bought more embroidery thread specially to embroider some flower patterns on the uppers of the shoes on both sides. This was her first grandson, so the shoes must be beautiful. The tiger-head shoes they made were inferior, who let those people hug their grandsons to show off in front of her, and the one with a rotten tongue chewed the root of his tongue behind her back, saying that Ji Qiuyue couldn’t give birth.

Tiger-head shoes in the countryside usually only embroidered the front of the shoes. Although her embroidery work was not as delicate as Lu Gu’s, she still could do a few patterns. As long as the colorful embroidery was bright on the tiger-head shoes of the little baby, it would look good.

Ji Qiuyue didn’t know the energy she was holding back in her heart. When she saw that her mother-in-law was going to embroider tiger-head shoes, she also moved a chair and sat by the brazier. The mother-in-law and daughter-in-law discussed in a low voice how to do it and how to embroider.

It was cold, and they had to make a few pairs of thick shoes for the baby. The red ones were not very good-looking. It was better to buy some yellow cloth. As long as it was a warm and bright color, children would have no taboos in wearing it.