Chapter 108 Part 21


The more wild green onions he pulled, the more he got, and soon there was a big pile. Lu Gu found some slender grass stems that looked like long ropes and twisted three of them together to make a grass rope, which was stronger. He then divided the wild onions into three large bundles, tied them up, and set them on the ground.

This side happened to be the way down the mountain, so he didn’t carry the wild onions back to the bamboo forest. His bamboo basket was full, so he would wait and see if Shen Yan or Shen Xuanqing could help him bring back the wild onions.

“Woof!” The familiar bark rang out. Lu Gu turned around and saw that it really was the puppy. He called out “Guaizi,” and the puppy ran even faster.

The puppy came up and rubbed against his legs, whimpering. Now the dog was almost as big as an adult. According to what Shen Xuanqing had said before, he should be named Daguai when he’s grown, but Lu Gu often forgot and still called him Guaizi. [Da: big, great; guai: (of a child) obedient, well-behaved, clever; zi: young animal.]

Lu Gu touched the puppy’s head and pinched his ears, keeping a smile on his face. After another dog began barking, he looked up and saw Shen Xuanqing coming with Dahui and the others.

“Brother Guzi.” Shen Yuping was holding a dead rabbit in his hand. He had satisfied his urge to chase rabbits today. His already-big eyes grew even brighter. He was younger than Lu Gu, and because of Shen Xuanqing, he naturally had to call him brother.

Shen Yuping was eager to show off to his family. After greeting the others, he raised the rabbit and said, “Mom, Yu’er, look what I caught.”

Dahui and two big dogs ran over and circled Lu Gu, but Lu Gu looked at Shen Xuanqing and didn’t pay them any mind.

“My basket is full; I broke off some thin bamboo shoots. Mother said we should go home and stew them with meat.” The smile in his eyes seemed to flash with a faint light. After being apart for half the morning, he was a little anxious to tell Shen Xuanqing what he had done, but his temperament kept him restrained in his words.

“That’s a lot.” Shen Xuanqing also smiled, and when he saw the wild green onions on the ground, he said, “My basket isn’t full, just stuff them in.”

“Yeah.” Lu Gu pushed aside Guaizi and the big dogs, who were squeezing and rubbing against his legs, and began to put the wild green onions into the bamboo basket that Shen Xuanqing had brought down.

“Quail?” he asked when he saw what was in the basket.

Shen Xuanqing pushed the quail and two rabbits aside and said, “Well, when Yuping was chasing rabbits with the dogs, I saw something running over and shot two of them with my slingshot. I used too much force and couldn’t catch them alive. Otherwise, I could have caught a female quail and raised it so I could eat quail eggs in the future.”

Finally, he added, “Sister-in-law has a bad appetite recently. Let’s see if she wants to eat quail meat.”

“Yes.” Lu Gu nodded. Ji Qiuyue had a poor appetite these days. Sometimes she would vomit after eating a few bites. Today, he had gone up the mountain to dig bamboo shoots to give her something fresh. Seeing that Shen Xuanqing was about to stuff three bundles of wild green onions into the basket, he frowned and said, “It’s too heavy.”

“It’s okay,” Shen Xuanqing replied, not taking it too seriously.

Before Lu Gu could go into the bamboo forest to carry the bamboo basket, Shen Yuping, who was carrying Shen Yu’s basket, also helped him carry his own basket. It was getting late, and it was time to go back for lunch, so the group began their walk back.

For lunch, there were both stir-fried bamboo shoots and braised bamboo shoots with meat. The others were not picky; they waited to see which dish Ji Qiuyue could eat. The bamboo shoots were fresh, tender, and crispy, with a strong bamboo shoot fragrance, and the meat inside was not greasy.

Both kinds of bamboo shoots were cut and stewed with the meat. The tastes were slightly different, but not by much.

After lunch, Shen Yan washed the dishes. Lu Gu took out some thin spring bamboo shoots and two large spring bamboo shoots and pickled them into pickled bamboo shoots. Eating it with rice was delicious and helped cut the greasiness.

The rest were all sold in town. These bamboo shoots would become old and tough if left for too long, and the taste would be much worse, so they must be sold while fresh. Their house was so close to the mountain that, if they wanted fresh bamboo shoots again, they could just go up the mountain to dig.

Lu Gu also left some wild green onions for home and found a spot in the vegetable garden to bury the roots with soil so they wouldn’t wilt easily.

After he finished cleaning up, Shen Xuanqing took a shoulder pole and picked up the two bamboo baskets. Lu Gu also carried a bamboo basket, which contained the two rabbits he had caught today.

Fenggu Town was bustling with people coming and going. It was already past noon, so the two of them didn’t go to the market, but walked through the streets selling their wares.

It was spring bamboo shoot season, so their bamboo shoots sold well—four copper coins per catty (0.5 kg). Shen Xuanqing had been selling things like this longer than Lu Gu, so when others asked the price, he would say six copper coins, and after a few bargained, he would reduce it to four.

A large spring bamboo shoot weighing two and a half catties sold for ten copper coins, which was a lot for country folks. Shen Yan had put in the effort to dig the large bamboo shoots, so she should at least be given some copper coins. Lu Gu kept a record of every large bamboo shoot he sold. He hadn’t dug many large bamboo shoots, so the money from the sales should all be given to Shen Yan and Wei Lanxiang.