Chapter 106


Huang Da grew anxious at the accusation. He hadn’t stolen a chicken today. He wanted to curse but dared not. He swallowed his words and said, “When did I steal your chicken?”

“You still dare to quibble? Dongzi saw you prowling around my house early this morning. Who else could it be but you?” Da Chen sighed. “Last summer you stole loofahs from my house and ran off. Many people saw you then.”

As soon as these words were spoken, the other villagers—whose own vegetables or melons had also been pilfered by Huang Da—glared at him angrily. Even the bold fulang stamped his foot and shouted at Huang Da, “That’s right! He also stole my melons and eggplants.”

“You even snatched the fish that my Dong ge’er caught.” He Zhi followed suit and caught up with him. Not only did he dredge up the old grievance, but his own resentment burned in his heart.

Huang Da was idle and lazy. He stole food and drink when he had no means to earn money. He couldn’t attract a wife, so he liked to prey on other people’s fulangs and wives. He was wretched and vulgar. After Li Wanyun became a widow, he even started to have vile thoughts.

With such behavior, naturally no one would come to help him now, especially the young wives and fulangs who had been verbally taken advantage of by him and whose hands had even been touched without their daring to speak. Seeing him surrounded by several men, they all hoped to see him get a good beating. It would be best if he left their village altogether, so they wouldn’t have to deal with such a dirty scoundrel again.

Lu Gu, on his way home, paused when he saw Shen Xuanqing and the others pressing Huang Da, but he didn’t dare to come closer, standing back and watching from a distance.

Four years ago Huang Da had been caught red-handed stealing chickens and beaten. Since then he drifted about and rarely returned to the village. He was the only one left in his family, and no one cared about him. His mother had died long ago because of him. He was idle, “imitating the dog and stealing chickens”—that old expression used to describe him—so his face-saving father was even more enraged by him.

The villagers kept talking among themselves, exposing the bad things he’d done. The more they talked, the angrier they grew, and they truly wanted to beat him to death.

Huang Da felt a sting of fear, but others didn’t care. Actually, he was quite afraid of Shen Xuanqing. He was tall and had learned martial arts; he could fight and tear apart someone outside the village. He thought that if Shen Xuanqing really moved, he would likely suffer.

He believed that he had never stolen from the Shen family’s second branch, so he should have no grudge against Shen Xuanqing, but Shen Xuanqing had followed Da Chen and framed him for stealing chickens. In the crowd’s gap, Huang Da caught a glimpse of Lu Gu standing not far away, and a sudden sense of danger washed over him. For some reason, he felt Shen Xuanqing would harm him today.

After realizing who Huang Da was staring at, Shen Xuanqing narrowed his eyes. While Huang Da wailed, Shen Xuanqing and Da Chen beat him severely.

“Ouch.”

Several women and fulangs nearby quickly hid in the courtyards, fearing they’d be affected.

Huang Da’s face was smeared with blood after the beating; two of his teeth were knocked out. Tears and snot ran down his face as blood leaked from his mouth.

In past brawls he’d only suffered a bruised nose and a swollen face. How could he feel so much pain and be vomiting blood? He was indeed scared, but he was also a little resentful. When he saw Shen Xuanqing’s cold face, he felt he had really made a mistake. He thought that since he’d been beaten, he could make Lu Gu look bad, so Shen Xuanqing would have no face to meet people in the future.

“Bah! Isn’t it Lu Gu…,” Huang Da muttered like that mangy dog. When he got up, he didn’t hold back his mouth at all, saying whatever came to mind, no matter how dirty or smelly the words were.

But when Shen Xuanqing heard the name Lu Gu, his face darkened as if the bottom had fallen out of a pot, and he punched Huang Da in the face before Huang Da could utter another syllable.

The sound silenced the chatter. Huang Da collapsed to the ground, dust exploding around him. Shen Xuanqing’s eyes burned red and bloodshot as he stepped into a house and began rummaging for a stick.

Lin Zhongcai, fearing trouble and perhaps death, did not dare let Shen Xuanqing act recklessly, and quickly urged him to think twice.

“Erqing! Second boy!” Wei Lanxiang, seeing that he really had a stick in hand and that no one could stop him, cried with a mix of anger and fear. She had never seen such stubbornness in anyone before. What would she do if someone were killed?

But she could not stop him. Even Da Chen and Wang Dongzi tried to restrain Shen Xuanqing, but to no avail. Wei Lanxiang grabbed his left arm, and Shen Xuanqing, gripping the stick in his right hand, held on so tightly that He Zhi couldn’t pry it loose.

“Guzi, hurry up! Grab the stick from his hand!” Wei Lanxiang cried, as Lu Gu ran over, weeping and afraid to approach. In desperation, she begged Lu Gu to come and help He Zhi.

Lu Gu had never faced such a scene before, but he obeyed Wei Lanxiang’s plea and stepped forward to wrench the stick from Shen Xuanqing’s grasp.

If it had been anyone else, Shen Xuanqing would have snatched the stick back in a heartbeat, but when he saw it was Lu Gu, his grip gradually loosened.

Lu Gu held the stick he’d taken and noticed there was blood on Shen Xuanqing’s hand. He thought Shen Xuanqing had been injured, and the tears he had been fighting to hold back surged anew. He felt wronged, but he pressed his lips together and let the tears fall silently.

“You said you, ugh!” Wei Lanxiang, seeing that he had calmed down and the stick was no longer in Huang Da’s grasp, wiped away her angry tears and swatted at Shen Xuanqing’s arm.

“Ahem.” Huang Da, who had fainted, woke with a cough, coughing up a few mouthfuls of blood. Seeing no one nearby, he endured the pain as best he could, stood and tried to run. But Shen Xuanqing, who had just relaxed, saw him and immediately grabbed the stick from Lu Gu’s hand, pursued Huang Da, and broke one of Huang Da’s legs.

His movements were so swift that not only Da Chen and the others, but even Lu Gu, failed to react. In the blink of an eye, the stick had left Lu Gu’s grip, and the tears were no longer flowing.

The stick crashed to the ground with a bang. Shen Xuanqing never intended to kill Huang Da; at first he only wanted to beat him to vent his anger. But Huang Da’s mouth showed no restraint, and he actually tried to drag Lu Gu into his schemes.