Chapter 96


It was past midnight, and most people had already fallen into a deep sleep. In the bed tent, Lu Gu was panting softly, trying to slow his breath. In just a few months he had grown used to Shen Xuanqing's embrace, and as he was about to slip in from the side, Shen Xuanqing suddenly pulled him closer, his other hand touching his cheek.

Touching the face and pinching the earlobe were things they often did when they were alone. But this time it was different; Shen Xuanqing actually bit his cheek. Lu Gu’s eyes widened at once—how could he bite him?

In the dark, he couldn’t clearly see Shen Xuanqing’s expression, but Shen Xuanqing seemed to see through his thoughts, and he whispered: “It’s soft, like Fuyuanzi.”

Lu Gu was even more puzzled—how could he be like Fuyuanzi. Just as he was about to ask, Shen Xuanqing’s big hand moved downward, caressing his skin inch by inch. The calluses on the warm palm were rough, but the hand was powerful, and Lu Gu’s face flushed a sudden shade of red as if blood had rushed to it, and he found himself unable to speak.

He hid the secret joy in his heart and didn’t dare reveal it, otherwise if people knew he enjoyed being touched and comforted by Shen Xuanqing like this, he would be ashamed. Yet after such a moment of happiness, he suddenly realized that Shen Xuanqing kept pinching the most fleshy part of his body, and Lu Gu’s eyes widened in fright.

“What are you doing?” His voice trembled, and he instinctively wanted to back away.

Shen Xuanqing paused, and then he pulled Lu Gu back. The two of them were so close that Shen Xuanqing almost wanted to sigh with satisfaction from the depths of his heart.

He hugged Lu Gu tightly and said in a hoarse voice: “Fat.”

Shen Xuanqing simply hugged Lu Gu and didn’t do anything else, which made Lu Gu feel relieved; just now he had feared that Shen Xuanqing was about to do it again. As for whether he was fat or not, he pursed his lips slightly and began to worry in his heart. He wasn’t sure whether it would be better to lose weight or gain weight, if Shen Xuanqing didn’t like him being fat…

“Get fatter, so we can have children in the future.” It was the first time Shen Xuanqing mentioned the matter of childbirth in Lu Gu’s presence. He had thought about it before, but now he suddenly realized that it was Lu Gu who would bear his children, and his heart throbbed a little.

It would be good to be fat; he couldn’t let the skinny Lu Gu grow a big belly and bear cubs.

“How many do you want?” He hugged Lu Gu tightly, but after a moment his thoughts drifted far away, and he murmured to himself: “Whether it’s a Shuang’er or a daughter, there must be at least one. When they grow up, I will send them to school, teach them to read and write, and if they want to practice martial arts, they can do that too.”

Lu Gu listened without interrupting, his eyes opening in the dark as he seemed to be sinking into the deep voice.

“Children?” he asked, at a loss because he never really thought about it.

“It’s good to practice martial arts. I don’t want them to be bullied in the future.” Shen Xuanqing kept talking about his little Shuang’er and little daughter, whom he hadn’t even seen yet. When he mentioned them, he felt that it was necessary to practice martial arts.

If they really had a little Shuang’er in the future, wouldn’t he be very similar to Lu Gu?

He had never seen Lu Gu as a child, but there was a timid, small Lu Gu in his mind. The first time he saw Lu Gu was on the day of his marriage. When he lifted the red veil, he saw a Shuang’er with eyes welling with tears, timid and trembling, and he didn’t even dare to let out a sound when she cried.

His chest tightened and ached, yet he couldn’t help thinking of Lu Gu as a child, wondering whether he also liked to cry. He was a man himself, and he knew how much he had been hated as a child. He would pull girls’ or Shuang’ers’ braids, or frighten and bully them. Most girls and Shuang’er were timid, and they would cry when bullied.

“Did anyone bully you when you were young?” he suddenly asked.

Lu Gu, thinking about bearing a child that Shen Xuanqing could birth, could not refuse and did not want to. But when he heard this sentence, he opened his mouth and replied: “Yes, Ji’an pulled my hair, but I was beaten back by brother Liu Fang. Later I avoided the boys and often played with Chen ge’er and Ah Cao.”

He thought for a moment, then added: “That happened when I was young, and when I got older, no one pulled my hair anymore.”

“Brother Liu Fang?” Shen Xuanqing’s ears moved, catching that part of the story.

Lu Gu didn’t notice and spoke truthfully: “Yes, brother Liu Fang, the elder brother of the neighbor. He’s older than me; he gave me sweets when I was young, and then his family moved to town.”

He spoke of it as if it were nothing, but the memory lingered. It was as if the large neighbor’s elder boy had helped him fend off bullies and shared his sweets.

As he spoke, two words sprang to Shen Xuanqing’s mind—childhood sweetheart. He clenched his teeth, forcing his voice to stay even as he asked, “Did he treat you well?”

“That's right,” Lu Gu replied. “Before their family moved to town, Brother Liu Fang would take me out to play. I played with the grasshoppers he caught at the time. He would catch grasshoppers, bring them home, and weave a grass cage for me. Brother Liu Fang’s hands were skilled.”