Chapter 89 Part 30


The big fair was really lively. With the two sides of the bridge, there were about two li of land along the road’s edges, not to mention there were still load-bearing peddlers hawking goods. A chorus of voices and crowds filled the air, and those who brought children had to keep a tight hold on them, lest they be snatched away by kidnappers.

Even Lu Gu held Shen Yan’s hands tightly when he saw so many people, and kept to the ox cart without missing a step.

Many things were sold at the big fair: Spring Festival couplets, New Year pictures of the door god, wine, meat, fruit, dimsum, incense, paper money, paper ingots, candles, pots, pans, dustpans, brooms, knives and scissors.

Gongs rang with clanging sounds, and the juggler, holding a torch, spouted wine with a “poof” in the torch, and the flame “boomed” and curled into a long dragon. The art of fire-breathing was beautiful; the people around couldn’t help but applaud, and more copper coins were tossed in.

Seeing the stall that sold silk flowers and headbands, Shen Yan hurriedly called her mother. The stall was huge, with silk flowers and colorful headbands everywhere, dazzling to the eye.

They wandered as they bought things, and the ox cart grew heavier with items: Tusu wine, malt sugar, dried fruit, candied fruit, sweet pastries, almanac papers, spring festival couplets, New Year pictures of the door god, and ghost-eating Zhong Kui. There were also offerings for sweeping graves and for the gods and Buddhas.

They also bought a lot of firecrackers, two-feet-long, Huoqi flowers and Taiping flowers. Lanterns were hung during the Chinese New Year, and though traditionally hung on the fifteenth day of the first lunar month, there were already all kinds of lanterns and colored lanterns for sale. The countryside was far from towns and markets, so it was best to buy them all at once.

The lanterns were beautiful, in many colors. Lu Gu and Shen Yan looked at one after another, all of them beautiful.

“Buy a few more if you want,” Shen Xuanqing came over and said to him. He saw a very beautiful gold-and-red palace lantern with colorful tassels hanging on it, asked for the price, and bought it anyway. The palace lantern was expensive, but he was happy to have a beautiful lantern for the Chinese New Year.

The paper kite sellers also came to the big fair; as soon as spring began, the weather would be fine and the wind good, so they could fly the paper kites. This year, they were well off enough to be happy, and the ready-made paper kites were beautiful as well. Wei Lanxiang bought a flying swallow paper kite for Shen Yan, and after Shen Xuanqing picked an eagle paper kite for Lu Gu, she paid for them.

There were many people and things in the market; they paused to shop for a while and then strolled again. They picked and chose while worrying about getting lost; it was quite tiring.

The smell of fried oil cakes and egg pancakes was enticing, as were the smells of various stews, Yangchun noodles and wontons, roasted chicken, and steamed shortbread; where there was a stall, gluttons would come out in droves.

Lu Gu originally had no idea what he wanted and planned to eat the same as Shen Xuanqing, but after Shen Xuanqing asked him, he whispered that he wanted Yangchun noodles.

There were too many choices, and the six of them chose what they wanted: Ji Qiuyue liked mixed stews and egg pancakes, Shen Yaoqing liked grass jelly and meat buns, Wei Lanxiang liked fried oil cakes, and Shen Yan asked for wontons and a meat patty.

Shen Xuanqing brought over a bowl of Yangchun noodles for Lu Gu, the mixed stews for himself, pig’s organ soup for Lu Gu, and bought three crispy, warm pastries, which they ate separately.

After eating, they wandered the fair for a while; there seemed to be nothing left to buy, and it wasn’t easy to push the ox cart through so many people. After Shen Xuanqing asked a hawker to wrap ten candied haws, the family returned home happily with their New Year goods.

The 23rd day of the twelfth lunar month was the time to offer some sweets to Zao Shen, the Kitchen God. Malt sugar candy—táng guā, a traditional offering to Zao Shen—was sticky and sweet. Since his mother had left, Lu Gu hadn’t eaten it for several years. Even though he was already married, he still felt a little greedy.

This year Zaotang was placed there, and he could eat it as he pleased; no one would say anything about it.

On the 24th, it was time to sweep away the dust to welcome the new year. The whole family was in full swing, cleaning and tidying up the house. Lu Gu moved out the big pot and shoveled the ash from the bottom, his face smeared with black ash. Shen Xuanqing saw him and laughed; he squatted down and wiped his face with his fingertips.

Seeing that the ash wouldn’t come off, Shen Xuanqing smiled and said, “Forget it—wash it with water later.”

Lu Gu’s face felt a little itchy from the wipe, so he rubbed it twice with his sleeve.

As soon as Lu Gu did this, Shen Xuanqing frowned slightly and asked, “Why? Do you dislike me touching your face?”

Others were fine, but being glared at by his fulang made Shen Xuanqing feel a little uncomfortable; he even glanced at his hand, noticing there was no black ash on Lu Gu’s face, and wondered why he didn’t want him to touch it.

Lu Gu, busy with work, didn’t pay attention to the ashes on his face. How could he dislike Shen Xuanqing for no reason? He looked at him with a puzzled expression and said, “No, why would you think that? My face itches.”

Realizing the misunderstanding, Shen Xuanqing felt a touch of embarrassment for having said Lu Gu was at fault. Seeing Lu Gu look at him with a confused expression, taking advantage of the moment when no one in the courtyard paid attention to them, he lightly squeezed fulang’s cheek.

Shuang’er's skin was tender, and Lu Gu’s eyes were gentle; he didn’t dare to press hard, so it was hardly more than a touch.

“I’m going to clean the backyard,” he announced, then left, leaving Lu Gu frowning to himself.

Ji Qiuyue’s pregnancy was not very old yet; she still could walk and work. She was tidying the dishes in the kitchen and accidentally overheard the words of the young couple. She glanced outside and smiled softly to herself; the second boy had grown up. Even if he touched someone’s face, the other party wouldn’t be allowed to dislike him.