Chapter 87


In the afternoon, Lu Gu and Shen Yan sat in the main room to read and write. The Three-Character Classic was not very thick, and after so many days they could follow Shen Xuanqing from the beginning to the end. They weren’t familiar with some difficult characters, but for the simpler ones they had already memorized and could copy.

Reading and recognizing came quickly, but writing and practicing the characters did not go as fast.

Dahui had injuries on his body, but fortunately he was fat and his fur coat was thick in winter, and it was only some skin injuries, so it was not serious, with a little blood. The puppy’s fur coat was not as thick as Dahui’s fur coat, but Shen Xuanqing still checked them carefully and was relieved after he made sure that the two of them were fine.

As for the puppy, he was young, and the other dogs didn’t pay much attention to him during the fight. He was also too clever and would dodge, so only some of his fur was bitten off, and a bit of tail hair was gone, which was quite obvious.

The dogs were playing in the house and gnawing the bones, and the people in the main room were bored practicing calligraphy, but with Shen Xuanqing watching, Lu Gu didn’t dare to distract himself even if he wanted to. The same was true for Shen Yan. Although she had never been beaten since she was a child, compared with her mother she was still more afraid of her two elder brothers; besides, studying was a serious matter. Shen Xuanqing didn’t scold her, but Wei Lanxiang would come over to scold her when she saw her running around.

After an hour passed, Shen Xuanqing read the characters written by the two of them, then nodded and said: “Okay, that’s it for today.”

Shen Yan let out a long sigh of relief, stood up and stretched her waist. She had frowned while she was writing, but now she smiled.

Lu Gu had always been cautious; even though he felt that he had finally finished writing, he was not as relaxed as his face suggested. Just as he was about to get up, Shen Xuanqing suddenly realized that he had written a character wrong.

“The character Gui is wrong.” Shen Xuanqing put the paper in front of him and pointed at the wrong character. The character Gui wasn’t difficult to write, but he had missed this simple one. Lu Gu scratched his cheek, feeling a little embarrassed. He sat down and planned to rewrite it twice.

Knowing that he was tired, Shen Xuanqing said, “Wash your hands first and rest; you can write it later.”

Hearing this, Lu Gu quickly got up to wash his hands. He moved quickly, as if he was afraid of being asked to go back to write, which made Shen Xuanqing behind him smile helplessly.

Shen Yan grabbed a handful of melon seeds from the room and put them on the table for Lu Gu to eat too.

Studying was hard, and when Wei Lanxiang saw that the two of them had finished writing, she brought a handful of hickory nuts for them. The stones for smashing walnuts were placed on the high table next to them. They had a lot of hickory nuts and, during these days with nothing to do, they just sat and smashed them together to eat.

“Your third aunt asked if you can help Yuping after the New Year. Matchmaker Wang told him about a girl from Chenjiagou. She said that the girl has good character. There are two brothers and a sister in the family. The two brothers seem to be about the same age as Daqing. Your third aunt asked me to see if you two know the two brothers, and their names are Chen Zijun and Chen Zipeng.”

Wei Lanxiang said this while peeling hickory nuts. Someone from their family wanted to get married, and it was right to inquire about the other party. Although Chenjiagou was far away, young men often ran outside and knew many people. Yesterday she went to visit the third room’s house, and Zhou Xiangjun asked her to ask if Shen Yaoqing and Shen Xuanqing knew about this family.

Shen Yaoqing smashed two hickory nuts for Ji Qiuyue, and said, “I don’t know. Later I will ask Boss Lu if he has some relatives in Chenjiagou?” Wei Lanxiang nodded.

They ate hickory nuts and melon seeds while gossiping, and the sky gradually darkened. Dinner was simple: there was chicken soup and rice left over from noon, just heated up and a dish was stir-fried.

It was windy again at night, and the window paper was blown loudly. Because the paste was strong, there was no need to worry about it being blown away.

Lu Gu fell into a drowsy sleep, curling into the bed, the quilt thick, Tang Pozi at his feet warm, and Shen Xuanqing slept beside him, so he didn’t feel cold at all. This year there were cotton shoes, tube sleeves, badger seed oil, and also Tang Pozi. The frostbite on his hands and feet had never appeared since, and it was much, much better than in previous years.

The Zhang family, which was a few houses away, was too cold because of the small number of people. Li Wanyun didn’t take a bite of the salted duck eggs from the exchange during the day; Lao Zhang ate them all, and she didn’t even dare touch them with chopsticks. The admonitions about morality and conduct for women to respect their in-laws and serve their husbands were almost etched into her bones, and her temperament was too weak. At home, she always heard her parents say that when she got married she had to follow her husband. She hadn’t read a book and didn’t know a single character. Even if Zhang Zhengzi didn’t die, she would have lived a life of supporting her husband and raising her children in muddle-headedness until she died when she was old.

She could eat these days; Lao Zhang had a broken leg and could only sit and lie down, but if she found that she ate more, she would scold him. It would be fine if she just pretended not to hear his scolding, but Lao Zhang was old and held seniority. Several nephews from her brothers and sisters and some kin from the Zhang family would come to see her sometimes. Whenever someone came to the house, Lao Zhang would seize the opportunity to have a fit, crying, cursing, and saying that she couldn’t get anything to eat or drink hot tea. Once she had a fit, Li Wanyun would be scolded by her relatives and elders, and she became more and more timid and cowered.