Chapter 32


Deeper in the mountain forest, Shen Xuanqing also found a place to eat dry food. He pulled a cloth bun out of the basket. The pancakes were already cold, but his heart was warm. He thought of Lu Gu, but his fulang was not around, so he had no choice but to give up. Even the smile in his eyes seemed replaced by sadness. He sat down with no expression on his face and ate the white pancake after drinking water.

Before long, he thought of Lu Gu again. His little fulang was obedient and hardworking. He wanted to make it for him when he heard that Lu Gu wanted to hunt; he was so cute. He looked pretty when he smiled, but he was too thin.

That day at Zhao Butcher’s house, he saw Lu Gu hugging the child, and he remembered it to this day. Wang Langzhong had also spoken of childbirth. Now that he had calmed down, he thought a lot. The first thing was to earn more money, so that with white flour, new rice, and meat to eat, Lu Gu would be well-fed and fat. Otherwise, when the time came for childbirth, if he was too thin, he would suffer.

Besides, you needed to be rich to raise a child. The poor folks in the countryside could marry and have children, but the children were as thin as monkeys. They either ran around or worked early for others; they suffered more than ordinary farm children.

He had studied and often went to the town, and he had seen more people and things. Now that he thought about childbirth, he naturally didn’t want his children to suffer and to become herd cattle who worked for others. No matter whether it was a boy, a girl, or a shuang’er, it was best to be able to read, at least so they wouldn’t suffer illiteracy in the future.

What was Shen Xuanqing thinking alone? Lu Gu didn’t know. He continued to search along the stream after eating, and walked back after more than an hour.

It was just past noon, and it was still too early for the sun to set. The reason he was walking back now was that he was afraid of the mountains and forests after dark, and because he had wandered along the stream for a long time, visiting other nearby streams to search for it. If you wanted to go back, you had to follow the stream to find the way you came, which took more effort, so naturally you had to leave early.

Under the bamboo basket were more than seventy small purple-crab shells and green snails wrapped in large leaves. There were several big buns as well—at least two hundred in total—and it took him a long time to collect just these, not long after the sun had risen in the morning. At this moment, there were few people here, otherwise there wouldn’t be so many goodies in a day. Purple-bellied crabs, green snails, sweet fruits, and tender green watercress were neatly stacked. He picked more than half of the basket. Because the bamboo basket was big, there were quite a lot of these, and they could be eaten for a long time.

Finally, when he found the way back, Lu Gu saw a few edible mushrooms by the roadside and picked them up. In the deep mountains, where there were many things, as long as you knew what to eat, you wouldn’t starve.

As he walked, he saw a big fallen tree in the distance, so he probed the grass with a wooden stick, and when he saw there was no snake, he walked there. Dahui didn’t make a sound, presumably there was nothing hidden in it. When he came last time, he found that the tree had fallen down. It should have been there for a long time, but because he had been anxious to go back after picking mushrooms last time, he didn’t go to look at it.

This tree had been down for a while, and it was all rotten. As Lu Gu imagined, there were several clusters of black mushrooms growing on it. These things not only grew on rotten wood; sometimes they could be seen on the tree, but they required climbing or using a long bamboo pole with a hook. There were not many black mushrooms, and he only ate them a few times after picking them all up and drying them, but he didn’t miss them. Weren’t these things just accumulated little by little?

The mushrooms and black mushrooms were placed on top of the watercress. Lu Gu saw that there was nothing to pick here, so he went back to the road he had just come from and would return later to see if the mushrooms had grown again.

The sky was blue and distant, and the mountain breeze was warm. It truly was autumn, and the air was refreshing. With so many things to collect, Lu Gu’s mood was more relaxed, with light in his eyes and heart.

Before Shen Xuanqing left in the morning, he had given him the key to the courtyard door. As soon as Lu Gu came back and opened the door, he ran to the backyard to see the chickens and ducklings. He thought they were grazing, so he went outside to pluck young grass and chop it up. If he wasn’t busy at that moment, he would have to go to the river to dig earthworms. The chickens and ducks would eat them, and they would grow flesh after eating.

After finishing all this work, he packed up the things in the bamboo basket. There were red and yellow sweet buns and fruit. The red ones were too ripe and the skins would easily break when bumped along the road. So he also picked the yellow fruits with thick skins and ate them today. They could be eaten after a few days of ripening, and he had picked a lot. Now that he knew where there was a sweet bun tree, he would go there again before going back down the mountain and bring some to Shen Yan and the others to taste.

He laid out a lot of watercress in a pile, and there were a few packages of green snails with thin shells, some of which had only one layer of leaves, crushed by crab claws, and some green snails were exposed. He put them in a wooden basin, poured in water, dropped a few drops of oil, and kept them there for a few days to spit out the sand.

As for the small purple-bellied crabs at the bottom, most of them were alive. He picked out a dozen or so and scrubbed them clean. He was going to fry a dish for Shen Xuanqing to try something new, and he put the rest in a bucket, sprinkled some salt, and kept them for two days. He also used bamboo plaques to buckle and press the wood to prevent them from climbing out.

The newly picked black mushrooms were edible, so he took out a bamboo plaque and laid it on to dry, then soaked it to eat after drying. He had made some bamboo baskets last time, but he felt that they were not enough for such use. No wonder there were so many bamboo plaques in the homes of people who gathered herbs and mountain products in the village to dry.

There were still some bamboo strips from the previous two days, so he would have to weave some more when he was free tomorrow.