Chapter 39 Part 28


Walking from the pharmacy door on the street toward the north, there were still people coming and going on the road, but the street under the bridge was not as lively as the street above. It was mostly farmland and wild land beyond.

After passing a village, they arrived at Niujia village. Lu Gu followed Shen Xuanqing to find the dog owner. The bitch lay in the front yard, and four puppies were playing around her. After a while, one of the pups tried to nuzzle into her belly to nurse, but the bitch got up and left, not allowing it to feed.

A man in his thirties or so, Niu Hong, was smoking a cigarette, and he caught the biggest pup, saying, “Just this little pup, take it home so that it can be raised and kept healthy.” The pup was plump; he pinched the back of its neck and lifted it up. Its eyes were bright, and it gave a lot of whines. Its limbs were thick and fat, and its claws were not small. The little pup turned out to be a male. Shen Xuanqing thought the pup’s appearance looked good, and he would feel relieved if it could follow Lu Gu when it grew up, so he paid Niu Hong one tael of silver. A mastiff-like dog was more expensive than others, but it would be worth it for a hunter like him.

After hugging the pup, Niu Hong sent the two of them out. Before they left, he told them that if anyone wanted a pup, they could tell that person that he had one here. Shen Xuanqing nodded and they left together.

On the way back, Lu Gu held the pup in his arms. He originally wanted to put it in a bamboo basket, but once he did, the pup began to bark because it was away from the bitch, so he had to take it out again. The pup was very lively and not afraid of people at all. He barked a few times in his arms and craned his head against his palm. When he stopped barking, he bit at Lu Gu’s cuff and licked his fingers a few times, whimpering softly. Lu Gu sighed and gently stroked its fat, round body to soothe it for a while.

The pup was raised for Lu Gu, so he took it with him when he went to the mountain the next day. Dahui and the two little dogs were very curious about the arrival of the pup. They approached cautiously and sniffed at the newcomer. The pup was not afraid of the big dogs and wanted to play with them. They whined and barked; Dahui was bigger and livelier when young, and Shen Xuanqing thought he would be mischievous in the future, so he would have to train him well to keep him steadier when he grew up.

After entering the mountain, the two of them cooked first, and Lu Gu took the pup out of the bamboo basket to play in the yard. The pup was two months old. He could run around and bite. He usually learned from the bitch. Now that there was a big dog nearby, he also wanted to play and bite. He was bigger than the other puppies, but his mouth and teeth were not as good as the big dog’s, and before long, because he was so naughty, he was pushed down by the bigger dog’s paw, pressed against his neck with his teeth bared. The pup screamed in alarm, but didn’t break free from the big dog’s grip, twisting his fat body and barking loudly. Lu Gu hurried out of the kitchen to protect him and drove the big dog away. Finally, the puppy gave a pitiful whine and crawled toward Lu Gu’s feet.

“It doesn’t really bite; it’s just scaring it a bit,” Shen Xuanqing said, chopping firewood in the yard and waiting for the meal to be ready. When he saw the pup playing, he didn’t interfere. Dogs fight and play, but seeing Lu Gu so anxious, he came over to take a look. There were no injuries, and besides, the pup was so fat it looked tough enough to be beaten.

The pup, held in Lu Gu’s hand, learned its lesson and didn’t dare approach the big dog again, but it wasn’t entirely compliant and after a while tried to catch Dahui again. Dahui was lying on the ground sleeping, his big, furry tail becoming a target for the pup. The tail seemed to move impatiently as the pup wagged it, then it got up and scampered away to find a new spot to lie down.

In the kitchen, Lu Gu uncovered the red cloth bag on the wine jar. The green snails were soaked in it. When he opened it, the red snail meat floated on top of the wine. He fetched the wooden basin used on the stove. Last time he had found a lot of green snails, and fortunately he had bought two jars of wine; otherwise, one jar wouldn’t be enough. Shen Xuanqing had saved some wine before soaking the snails, and this time he went to the mountain and bought another jar of five catties.

After pouring, there was still powdery slag of the green snail shells in the wine jar. Compared with other snails, this thin-shelled green snail was particularly remarkable. After soaking for a few days and washing it with sand, you could soak it in wine directly; the shell would loosen and come off, the red snail meat would separate, and it could be eaten with just one stir-fry.

Lu Gu poured out only one jar, and the remaining jar wouldn’t spoil if kept soaking in wine, so he would bring it back home. He scooped out the snail meat and there was still a clear layer of wine on it. Wei Lanxiang had prepared autumn chili peppers and boiled soybeans for him yesterday, so today he simply fried them.

There were a few green autumn peppers in the pile, and he cut them up. They looked good with the red hot peppers. He added soybeans and put them into the pot one after another as soon as the oil was hot. They didn’t grow many autumn peppers, so they asked the villagers to exchange some. This pepper wasn’t very spicy. When it came out of the pot, he sprinkled in a handful of green autumn vegetables—red, yellow, and green. It looked very pretty. The red snail meat tasted fresh and slightly spicy, with a wine aroma. It was truly a good dish to accompany wine.