Chapter 84 Part 5


Since the beginning of winter, meat in the house had hardly run out. Lu Gu no longer felt hungry, and although he hadn’t gained much flesh, his face was ruddy and healthier than before.

After finishing speaking, Shen Xuanqing bent down and dropped the winter bamboo shoots he had dug into the bamboo basket, then turned to Lu Gu and asked, “Why aren’t you wearing the hairpin?”

Lu Gu answered honestly, “I’m afraid I’ll lose it when I’m working.”

A hairpin was different from a hair wrap. Shuang’er in the country often tied his hair with cloth. No matter what he did, he didn’t have to worry that it would come loose. Lu Gu wasn’t used to wearing a hairpin; if by any chance it was lost, it would be an offense, and even if it fell to the ground, he would be distressed, so he always kept the hairpin in the room.

Shen Xuanqing paused, feeling that it was true, and nodded: “That’s right.”

The puppy and the big dogs sniffed and dug holes in the bamboo forest, and together they caught two large bamboo rats. The dead bamboo rat was held in the mouth by Dahui; the puppy barked, he bit the leg of the bamboo rat and wanted to fight for it, so Dahui let out a low growl from his throat with the prey in his mouth, and the puppy stopped after a while.

The big dogs ran toward Shen Xuanqing with their prey, clearly coming to claim credit. Shen Xuanqing patted the dogs’ heads as a reward, and the two bamboo rats would be roasted for them when they got back. As for the puppy, there was Lu Gu stroking its head and smoothing its fur. The puppy was so happy he barked and rubbed its head against Lu Gu’s hands, so it had no time to pay attention to others. He had been raised by Lu Gu, so he was naturally closer to him.

“Brother Guzi, how much have you dug? I dug six.” Shen Yan, tired from hoeing, looked up at Lu Gu, who was playing with the puppy. Having dug so many winter bamboo shoots, she couldn’t help but compare the winter bamboo shoots she dug up with her big brothers.

“I only dug three.” Lu Gu got up and stopped playing with the puppy; digging the winter bamboo shoots was the real business.

Shen Xuanqing’s place was narrow, so it was not good for two people to dig with the hoe together, and after digging in the new place, he suddenly became aware of something. In the past, he wouldn’t dare to be distracted from his work, let alone playing with the dog, but now Shen Xuanqing had never scolded him.

Digging winter bamboo shoots was quite tiring. They carried two bamboo baskets and dug about fifty winter bamboo shoots. This amount was not much; when they went back, they cut off the roots and peeled off the shells, and there was not much food inside.

Before going back, Shen Yaoqing chopped a large bundle of firewood. Lu Gu and Shen Xuanqing carried bamboo baskets on their backs. When they returned from the bamboo forest, they had to pass a crutch tree. Shen Yan picked up a lot of the crutch fruits on the ground and put them all in Shen Xuanqing’s bamboo basket.

In the distance, the dogs barked at people. Shen Xuanqing took a closer look and saw that they were the villagers from the neighboring village who went hunting in the mountains, so he stopped the big dogs.

The farmers worked in the fields in spring, summer and autumn, and they didn’t do nothing during the winter slack. Most of the students went to private schools to study in winter. The others would go to the mountains to found something to subsidize their families.

Ten years ago, they also practiced archery here in winter. Firstly, they could hunt wild prey and eat meat. Second, the good archers would be respected, and if they won the championship in the competition, they would also get some rewards. Practicing archery could keep your body healthy, and some people also would join the army to serve the country. Now the world was peaceful and prosperous, but it was still not easy to join the army and endure hardships. After going there for several years, if the women and children in the family had no support, they would be bullied by the villagers. Therefore both Shen Xuanqing and Shen Yaoqing preferred to pay the corvee money instead of joining the corvee, which saved them from being taken away as soldiers.

Although there had been no archery competitions in recent years, there were people who still practiced archery or used slingshots. With this skill they could hunt things in the mountains and add something to subsidize the family in the winter.

Shen Yaoqing was also good at archery, and when he was free, he took his dogs up the mountain to hunt. Although most of the things he hunted were common wild animals such as rabbits and pheasants, they were also very good.

Now that they met, Shen Xuanqing greeted the two people from the neighboring village from a distance. The two men brought bows, arrows and dogs, knowing that he was good at archery, they joked that they would learn from each other in the future.

Unlike others, Shen Xuanqing spent most of the year on the mountain. He was a good archer and hunter. Few people who only practiced archery in the winter could match him, but he still responded with a smile.

It was just past noon when they got home; the sun was high and Wei Lanxiang was still basking in the sun under the wall. Quanzi’s Fulang went back early with the baby in his arms, but Zhou Yunzhi came to visit.

“Aunt.” Lu Gu, who was behind Shen Xuanqing, called her, and Zhou Yunzhi looked at him.

“Why are you just coming back now?”

Wei Lanxiang put down the sole shoe.

“Second sister-in-law, Yu ge’er and I are going back first.” Zhou Xiangjun got up immediately. Wei Lanxiang didn’t prevent them from leaving, saying that he should also go back to cook, so he didn’t stay any longer.

Zhou Yunzhi’s eyes were higher than the top; she looked down on the poor and was greedy for petty gain, but she was not so stubborn. Seeing Zhou Xiangjun was gone and it was not easy for her to stay, she also stood up and went out. Today Wei Lanxiang had given her two persimmons, and she was quite satisfied.

After eating, Lu Gu went to wash the dishes. Wei Lanxiang hesitated; she had something to say at first glance. Shen Xuanqing, who originally wanted to go to the kitchen, sat down again and said, “Mother, just say what you want to say.”

Wei Lanxiang glanced at the kitchen, then spoke in a low voice. Zhou Yunzhi’s eldest son, Shen Yutao, was working in the town. When he came back the other day, he said that Lu Wen had entered the wealthy Li family’s house in the city. However, after inquiring, he found out that Lu Wen wasn’t officially wed; instead, he had become a concubine for others.

It was good for rural people to marry a wife. There was no such thing as taking concubines. It was not uncommon for poor people to sell their daughters and shuang’ers to be concubines for people in the city. But Lu Wen was the fulang that Wei Lanxiang had once chosen. As soon as she heard that he really entered the rich family’s house and was still a concubine, she couldn’t help but think a lot, and wanted to talk to Shen Xuanqing.

During this period of time, Shen Xuanqing didn’t go to Luo Biao. They had agreed before that if Li Mingshan wanted to harm him, Luo Biao would find someone to inform him, and Shen Xuanqing didn’t care about anything else.

“Mother, don’t worry too much. I know the one with the surname Li. He is just a drunkard.”

Seeing her looking at himself, Shen Xuanqing said again, “What happened to Lu Wen has nothing to do with us, mother, don’t think too much, everything depends on me and elder brother.”

Hearing this, Wei Lanxiang nodded, and that was the only way to go.

As for Lu Wen being a concubine, Shen Xuanqing was a little surprised. Because Lu Wen regretted their marriage at the beginning, he thought that Li Mingshan could give Lu Wen a title, but he didn’t expect him to be just a concubine.

But that was also true; with the Li family’s status, it was not difficult to find a good family in the city. When he heard Luo Biao say that Li Mingshan’s mother was a powerful one, he could figure out that she didn’t want her son to marry a country fulang.