Chapter 79 Part 12


It was windy, and being stuck there was a problem, so he walked home while talking, with Lu Gu following behind. Seeing that Lu Gu was merely flustered but not afraid, and that he was uninjured, Shen Xuanqing didn’t worry too much. He said: “I bought a lot of tofu today. We can make fried tofu, fried spicy tofu, or tofu soup. I also bought bean curd, cut into shreds, to stir-fry hot and cold. There are also bean-curd buns at Brother Yang Xian’s tavern. If you want to eat, you can try making them yourself; it doesn’t matter if they aren’t wrapped perfectly.”

Shen Xuanqing placed the small bamboo basket on the chopping board and waited for Lu Gu’s words rather than going out.

“The Zhang family beat someone again.” Lu Gu’s voice was very low, and he told Shen Xuanqing the truth about Xiao Zhang being beaten and running up the mountain. Because of his trust and dependence on Shen Xuanqing, he finally told Shen Xuanqing that he gave her two steamed buns from his family. Afraid that Shen Xuanqing would say that he stole steamed buns for others, he lowered his head and didn’t dare to look at him.

It turned out to be like this; Shen Xuanqing guessed what he was thinking when he saw him like this. He sighed helplessly and said: “This is our family, you can take as many steamed buns as you want, who says you can’t do it?” Our family.

Lu Gu raised his head, his eyes and nose a little sore. It could be seen that Shen Xuanqing was smiling, so he didn’t want to cry. He stretched out his hand and pinched the corner of Shen Xuanqing’s clothes. After he recovered, he said: “She doesn’t dare to go back, I let her hide behind the house, and said that I will bring her some food at noon.” His fulang looked at him with hopeful eyes, and Shen Xuanqing thought that if he didn’t agree, what kind of a man would he be? Besides, Xiao Zhang was pitiful; if I could help, I would help, and Lu Gu hadn’t done anything wrong, so he said, “Okay, it’s up to you. I will help by going around Zhang’s door and seeing if those two have calmed down.”

“Okay.” Lu Gu clenched the corner of his clothes again and promised obediently.

After the lunch was ready, Lu Gu looked out of the kitchen. No one came, so he took a steamed bun, broke it open, and put a piece of fried meat in it. It was meat fried for Ji Qiuyue, so he didn’t dare to add more, let alone the meat was sliced rather than minced. He took another steamed bun and put a slice of pickle in it, and when he was about to put them in the pot, Wei Lanxiang came in, wanting to see if the meal was ready. “Mother,” Lu Gu shouted timidly, keeping his eyes open and not daring to move.

Wei Lanxiang wondered: “It’s not time to eat, why are you still putting it in the pot?” “I, I…” Lu Gu stuttered and found an excuse. “I’ll keep it to eat when I’m hungry.” He looked restless; she knew there was something. Wei Lanxiang glanced at the two steamed buns, both of them stuffed with something. No matter what happened to their house, there would be no shortage of food for Lu Gu to eat, and she had never seen Lu Gu eat something because he felt hungry after lunch.

After thinking about it for a while, she smiled and said, “Okay, it will be hot if you put it in the pot; you can cover two more if you like to eat, it’s up to you.” After finishing speaking, Wei Lanxiang went out with two bowls of soup, and called Shen Yan as she walked. Lu Gu paused on the spot, thinking that he shouldn’t have been noticed. Hearing Shen Yan’s footsteps, he put the steamed buns into the pot before she came in.

After eating, under the cover of Shen Xuanqing, Lu Gu sneaked out of the house with two steamed buns, and went to the back of the house to find someone. The stewed tofu with cabbage had a lot of water; if it was stuffed in the steamed buns, it would dirty his clothes when he put them under his arm, so after thinking about it, he stuffed the steamed buns with a piece of meat and a pickle.

The Shen family didn’t persuade others; Wei Lanxiang saw it clearly, but she didn’t expose it, so she let it go—after all, it was winter, and at least someone’s life was at stake. The wind blew from time to time as Li Wanyun hid behind Shen’s and Miao’s houses, not daring to go to Zhang’s house. She stamped her feet and rubbed her hands in the cold. She had to be on guard in case someone came over; it would be fine if it wasn’t Zhang Zhengzi—if it was him, she would have to run quickly. But she probably knew that Zhang Zhengzi would not come out to look for her on such a cold day.

When Lu Gu found her, she had combed her hair well and it was no longer loose, though without a comb the hair looked rough. Water was hard to get, but there was snow everywhere on the ground, and you could stuff it into your mouth or scrape it from the ground where no one had stepped. Li Wanyun took a big mouthful of hot steamed buns, and before swallowing them, she opened her eyes wide and looked at Lu Gu in astonishment, and said inarticulately, “Meat.” “The other one has pickles,” Lu Gu said in a low voice. Seeing her eat so happily, he felt it was worth it even if he would be scolded later for this piece of meat.

Before leaving, he said again: “Hide first; Erqing said he will walk around Zhang’s door later to see if their anger subsides.” Li Wanyun hadn’t finished swallowing the steamed buns, and when she heard Shen Xuanqing’s name, she wanted to ask how he could help. It could be seen that Lu Gu’s eyes were clear; she had never heard the Shen family’s two sons beating their wives, and her heart pounded, and she nodded gratefully when she couldn’t speak.

The wind was cold, and the Shen family members were all sitting on the bed, with Tang pozi under the blanket, much warmer than outside. It was the same after Lu Gu came back; Shen Xuanqing entered the room after a while. “Zhang Zhengzi went to Dayang’s house to drink. If he is not drunk, he probably won’t come back. If he is drunk, he will fall asleep on the way home. He can’t move even if he wants to, and his mother is weak and she can’t beat anyone.” The family was so close, and they were the same age; Shen Xuanqing was very clear about Zhang Zhengzi’s virtues—lazy and fond of drink, and he always came back drunk and full of nonsense. Going to drink in a leisurely way showed that he didn’t care about Xiao Zhang’s life and death at all.