Chapter 93


The morning fog was misty, and Lu Gu was still asleep when he heard the crackling of firecrackers outside. He opened his eyes and found that Shen Xuanqing was not on the bed. It was still dark outside; they had opened the door and set off firecrackers here, and soon he heard the sounds from elsewhere.

After staying up half the night, Lu Gu hadn’t heard Wei Lanxiang, Shen Yan, and the others getting up, so he rolled back into the bedclothes. The door was pushed open and closed; Shen Xuanqing came in with a chill all over. “It’s still early, lie down for a while, it’s still dark.”

“You haven’t slept yet?” Lu Gu asked, curling up under the quilt.

“No, I’ll sleep again tonight. I won’t be sleepy,” Shen Xuanqing said with a smile; there was no trace of fatigue on his face, and he seemed full of energy.

He stuffed the clothes on the chair into the quilt, and when Lu Gu woke up, he could put on the warm clothes. “I’ll boil the water first, and you can get up after it boils.”

Lu Gu watched him close the door and leave, then looked away. He woke early and felt confused, and only then did he realize Shen Xuanqing was different from other men. In Anjia Village or Qingxi Village, few men went to the kitchen; that was the wife’s and fulang’s work. Yet the Shen family seemed to be used to the two brothers boiling water in the morning, never finding it strange or unfriendly to a man’s face.

On the first day of the New Year, people were either visiting relatives or entertaining guests at home. Lu Gu dawdled in bed for a while. Today Shen Xuanqing’s two paternal aunts and several other aunts were coming.

Lu Gu rose, put on his new clothes and shoes. He was tying a sachet to his waist when he saw Shen Xuanqing come in.

“Why did you not hang it up?” he raised his head and asked, the embroidered purse and laozi he had prepared for Shen Xuanqing were still on the chair.

“It was too dark when I got up early; I was afraid I would lose it outside when I went out, but it’s okay to hang it now,” Shen Xuanqing said. Seeing that Lu Gu was wearing new clothes so neatly, with a colorful embroidered sachet hanging at his waist, his hair not yet combed and hanging behind his back, making the outline of his face softer, Shen Xuanqing looked at him in a daze.

Lu Gu was actually very good-looking, but he had been too thin before, and he hadn’t run up and down the mountains in the past two months of winter, so he’d gained a little flesh on his face. He lowered his head, took the laozi and sachet on the chair, and helped Shen Xuanqing hang them at his waist without meeting his expression.

“If sister-in-law gets up, let her help you comb your hair after washing, and put on the hairpin and silk flowers.” Shen Xuanqing looked down at his fulang in front of him, who was helping him hang the sachet, with a bright smile.

“En.” Lu Gu nodded, stepped back, and looked at the ornaments on Shen Xuanqing’s waist and the new clothes on his body, and finally raised his eyes. When his eyes met those starry eyes, he couldn’t help but smile too.

The puppy whined a few times in the main room. Lu Gu went out with the wooden basin, the tooth wood, and the green salt, and the puppy rubbed against his legs a few times.

The puppy hadn’t been scared when the firecrackers last night went off; Lu Gu was worried they might explode in scattered bursts, so he kept the puppy in the main room. The puppy was quite smart; perhaps he understood the danger of the firecrackers, so he obediently lay down on the sack, gnawed on the bones, and didn’t stir all night.

As soon as Lu Gu came out, he saw the cuju ball they played with last night still in the yard. The puppy nudged it with his nose, and the ball rolled far away. The puppy then ran around, messing with the cuju ball, and now he was learning how to play.

Freshening up and dressing up on the first day of the New Year was a ceremonial affair, and it felt more festive when you went out to meet people.

Ji Qiuyue had deft hands. She helped Lu Gu comb his hair and placed a silver hairpin and two small goose-yellow silk flowers in his hair. “It’s beautiful—this is elegance,” she said after a moment, satisfied. Their family couldn’t afford bright colors or extravagant flowers, but though these small silk flowers were plain, they were a bright spot against the dark hair. This kind of ornament was beautiful, especially on Lu Gu, who was fair and handsome; there was no need to worry that it wouldn’t suit him.

Most of the jewelry was in the shape of flowers, luan, and phoenixes, and so on. A silver hairpin in the shape of grain was rare. Ji Qiuyue looked at it for a while and said, “This hairpin—Erqing really has a mind.”

Lu Gu pursed his lips and smiled a little shyly.

Ji Qiuyue heard Shen Xuanqing talking outside, so she smiled and said, “Go out and show Erqing; I guess he can’t wait.”

When she said this, she laughed outright, making Lu Gu blush and lower his head. Ji Qiuyue added, “He told me last night to get up early and help comb your hair; go out quickly.”

Shen Xuanqing cleaned up the charcoal brazier from last night in the courtyard. When he looked up, he saw Lu Gu being playfully nudged out by Ji Qiuyue. The shiny silver hairpin was pinned in his black hair, the carved silver grain tassels were exquisite, and the pale yellow silk flowers in his hair were bright and pleasant. Lu Gu, who usually looked dull, suddenly seemed to glow with a different color, and he froze in place.

When a seventeen- or eighteen-year-old young man reached marriageable age, he would inevitably take a closer look when he met a girl or a shuang’er with good looks. Shen Xuanqing, who had once done the same, found this to be the first time he’d been stunned, unable to react. He kept holding the charcoal brazier as if it were a stupid piece of wood; even if you poked him, he wouldn’t respond. Except for his tall height, he seemed to have lost his soul.

Ji Qiuyue had originally covered her mouth to stifle a giggle, but she couldn’t contain herself when she saw him like this. She burst into laughter, and though it was just show, she raised her voice and asked, “Is Guzi so handsome?”

Shen Xuanqing nodded subconsciously; his eyes were riveted, unable to move away from Lu Gu’s face. His hands were limp, his legs were limp, and even his heart seemed frozen; he couldn’t speak.

Before Ji Qiuyue could tease him for acting like a fool, Shen Yan suddenly clapped her hands and exclaimed, “Ah, Brother Erqing looks like a fool!”