Chapter 64 Part 14


64 Part 14

Getting used to going up and down the mountain, Lu Gu hurried to pack. Shen Xuanqing went to the backyard to release the dogs, push the cart, and head out. Wei Lanxiang saw the two off and said, “You just went to Fucheng yesterday, and now you have to climb the mountain road again. Remember to rest more when you reach the mountain.”

“Mother, I understand,” Shen Xuanqing replied. Lu Gu also said goodbye, and the two headed into the mountains with their four dogs.

Having money in hand gave people a sense of ease. This winter, there would be no need to worry about money. After going up the mountain, Shen Xuanqing wouldn’t be so anxious to hunt. It would be good to slow down and take a rest.

The mountains were evidently colder, so Lu Gu went to cook first as soon as he opened the door. After traveling all this way, fatigue and hunger were inevitable, and a few warm meals would keep him warm. There wasn’t much to bring up the mountain, and the cart was basically empty. Shen Xuanqing put the luggage of shoes and clothes in the room, and after seeing that the chickens and ducks were alive and well, she went into the kitchen to help Lu Gu light the fire.

After the two had finished eating and drinking, Shen Xuanqing went to the backyard to tidy up, while Lu Gu washed the dishes and cleaned the kitchen.

Just now Shen Xuanqing had said that the next time they went home, they would buy some big bone sticks with meat to stew. Even if he hadn’t eaten it yet, Lu Gu was very happy just hearing that. He didn’t know why, but he liked to hear what Shen Xuanqing would eat and use in the future, and Shen Xuanqing would bring it back every time. He wasn’t greedy for anything else; even if it was just a salted duck egg and a small bowl of pickles, he felt life was full of promise, at least he could eat enough, not like before.

The sky grew cloudier. Lu Gu cleaned the kitchen, glanced at the sky, then picked up the bamboo basket and sickle and went outside to cut grass; Dahui and the puppy followed him.

The two often walked in the area in front of the courtyard. The grass on the ground was sparse, exposing a large patch of earthy brown soil. He often cut grass on the mountain and also tended to the yard’s exterior. The grass around the yard had been cut down or removed with a hoe; otherwise, if the grass were too tall and dense, snakes and insects would hide.

Lu Gu remembered the snake slough he had encountered last time; it was so big and long, and it would be bigger after shedding its skin. Fortunately, he hadn’t run into it—what if it had been poisonous? When winter came, the snakes in the mountains would go to sleep in places where they couldn’t be seen, so there was no need to fear. But he thought again: he and Shen Xuanqing would descend the mountain in winter, and they would probably not meet the snakes at all.

Most of the pepper tree leaves outside the house had fallen, leaving the tree looking bare. The hard thorns on the tree hadn’t changed, and people subconsciously wanted to avoid it.

Lu Gu picked up a basket of grass that chickens and ducks loved to eat, and carried it back when it was full. Shen Xuanqing shoveled all the chicken and duck manure in the backyard; the ground was clean and tidy, and made the scent of the green medicinal leaves grow stronger. As soon as Lu Gu came back, he could smell the medicinal herb scent. It was cold, and the slightly milder medicinal smell made him feel better.

As soon as Shen Xuanqing was about to leave the backyard, he saw Lu Gu approaching with a bamboo basket of grass on his back. He took it and said, “I’ll chop it up. You can boil some hot water and pour it into Tang Pozi. You’ll do needlework later in case your hands get cold.”

Today there was nothing else to do when they went up the mountain. He knew that Lu Gu wouldn’t like to be idle, so he must do something. It was cold and windy, so he had to use Tang Pozi.

Hearing this, Lu Gu thought of the little Tang Pozi with carved patterns; his brows and eyes lifted in a happy mood, and he nodded in agreement, happily going to boil the water.

Not long after, white steam rose from the pot. Lu Gu added a piece of firewood to the bottom of the stove, then got up and went to the room to fetch Tang Pozi.

As soon as he came in, he saw the quilt on the bed, which had been folded for a while, and it was time to unfold and wash it, and the sheets needed changing. There was a bundle on the table containing Shen Xuanqing’s new shoes and their clothes. Lu Gu unpacked the luggage, putting the shoes and clothes into the box, and opened another box to retrieve the quilt and sheets. As soon as he pulled out the quilt, he saw a book under the quilt. Lu Gu froze for a moment. How did he forget there were books in the box?

Shen Xuanqing, who had finished chopping the chicken grass, hadn’t seen him in the kitchen, so he went into the room to look for him, and unexpectedly saw this scene. Realizing that the book must belong to Shen Xuanqing, Lu Gu did not touch someone else’s book. It would be a crime to damage it. As for the three big characters “Qian Kun Tu” written on the cover, he didn’t know them, and his expression didn’t change at all. He ignored the book and took the quilt.

Qian Kun Tu: qián kūn meaning Heaven and Earth, Yin and Yang; tú meaning diagram or picture. Even if he understood the words, those three characters seemed to carry a weight that most people wouldn’t look past. Shen Xuanqing stood nervously at the doorway, not daring to come in. Seeing that Lu Gu did not touch the book, she felt relieved.

When Lu Gu laid down the quilt, he turned and saw her. He asked, “Why don’t you take out the book and stuff it inside the quilt? What if the pages get crumpled?” For a country boy to go to school was a rare thing, and every book was precious. Lu Gu had never been educated and was illiterate; he could only write his name crookedly on the ground with a stick. His mother had learned it from a literate woman in the village and taught him how to write. Because his mother hadn’t written well, he couldn’t write well either, but at least he knew the two characters of his own name.