Chapter 48 Part 2


The cart was almost empty now, after all there was only a large bag of pastries Yan Shi had gone out to buy in the morning, and a few new snacks in town in the bamboo basket.

Leaving the alley, they headed for Changxing Street, and on their way back they had to pass Yang’s Tavern. Shen Xuanqing paused at the door after walking for a while, and went in to bid Yang Xian farewell.

When Lu Gu and Shen Xuanqing walked toward the oil shop on Changxing Street, the aroma of sesame oil filled the air. Shen Xuanqing paused again to buy; they came out with no pot, and the bamboo tube was to hold water for drinking on the road. They bought a few clay pots together, and kept some at home when they returned, and brought some to the mountain. It wasn’t that they didn’t have an oil shop nearby, but since they passed here and the oil smelled really good, it was better to buy it. Pedestrians hurried past as they moved among them.

Lu Gu followed Shen Xuanqing on the return road, and they didn’t come back until the setting sun shone and it was dusk. As soon as they arrived back, Wei Lanxiang fussed about serving food for the two of them, insisting they must be hungry after walking all this way.

Shen Xuanqing carried the clay pots into the kitchen. Wei Lanxiang, who was serving rice, smelled the fragrance and smiled. “This sesame oil is really fragrant. I’ll steam an egg tomorrow. Let’s drizzle some sesame oil on it and try it, okay?” she asked.

When Yan Shi was still in Qingxi Village in the early years, she had a very good relationship with Wei Lanxiang. Later, Shen Xuanqing became his husband’s apprentice. Even if there were occasional bickering and anger, it would be fine within a couple of days.

Shen Xuanqing nodded and said yes, and briefly told her about the people and things he had seen in the past. When she heard that Ni’er was chubby and cute, Wei Lanxiang said nothing, but in her heart she also longed to hug her grandson and granddaughter.

The days were getting better now; not to mention the second child, the eldest daughter-in-law should also have a baby, but this sort of thing couldn’t be rushed even if it was urgent, and she could only hint to the eldest son and the eldest daughter-in-law in private.

His legs were tired from the journey, and Lu Gu lay on the bed after washing up at night. Speaking of which, he had only been in the Shen family’s house for a few months, and he had slept outdoors the night before.

He looked at the canopy above the bed and thought about something. For a while he thought of the words “go home,” and for a while of something else, and it was difficult to fall asleep.

The lights in the room hadn’t been turned off yet, and Shen Xuanqing poured the foot-washing water outside and came back. Lu Gu was already lying down; seeing him come in now, he sat up with his arms propped on the bed, hesitantly looking at the man beside the bed who wanted to blow out the lamp.

Seeing this, Shen Xuanqing didn’t turn off the lights, and asked, “What’s the matter?”

Lu Gu, worried, didn’t dare to look up; he lowered his eyes and asked in a low voice, “Are you going to the mountain tomorrow?”

“Do you want to go or not?” Shen Xuanqing asked him patiently.

“The day after tomorrow is my mother’s death day.” Lu Gu was a little nervous, but he still said, “I want to go and see her.”

Shen Xuanqing paused, and then said: “Then wait until we go to the grave, and we’ll go the day after tomorrow. I’ll take you with me tomorrow, to go buy yellow paper ingots.”

Lu Gu looked at him, full of gratitude, and finally gave a solemn “um” in a nasal tone.

On the day of Lu Gu’s mother’s death, he and Shen Xuanqing went to the grave on the hillside behind Anjia Village with bamboo baskets carrying offerings, yellow paper, joss sticks, and other things.

While thinking about things alone, he thought that now that he had money in hand, he must burn a lot of paper money and ingots for his mother, so that she would have money to spend underground. He hadn’t dared to trouble Shen Xuanqing originally, but Shen Xuanqing wanted to take him to buy it. They bought a lot and brought some offerings.

The grass around the grave was taller; it wasn’t autumn yet and hadn’t dried yet. With no one in the Lu family to take care of it, Lu Gu and Shen Xuanqing pulled the grass on the grave first. Because it was Lu Gu’s mother, Shen Xuanqing knelt beside Lu Gu, took a branch, and together they lit the fire and added paper money and ingots to it.

“Mom, with so much money, you can buy whatever you want. Don’t worry. I dried the goji berries myself; I’ll burn some for you, and you can taste them. There are also hazelnuts and chestnuts, which I picked from the mountains. I ate a lot of them, you eat too.”

“Gòngguǒ.” Lu Gu turned his head to look at Shen Xuanqing, choked slightly, and said, “Erqing brought you the gongguo; you can eat it if you want, it’s all yours.”

[Gòngguǒ: the fruits for sacrificial offerings]

His eyes were moist, and he said: “There is also new rice. This year we harvested a lot of new rice and steamed it to eat. It’s very delicious. I ate several bowls, and Erqing brought it to you when we came.”

The offerings were made, and the burnings finished. Lu Gu wiped away his tears and was about to kowtow when Shen Xuanqing spoke: “Mother, don’t worry, I will take good care of Guzi, make sure he eats well and stays warm.”

Lu Gu didn’t expect Shen Xuanqing to call his mother, and he was stunned, tears brimming in his eyes. It was Shen Xuanqing who spoke that brought him back to his senses. It was time to kowtow, and only then did he realize it.

After getting up, Lu Gu bent slightly to pat the dirt from his legs, and tears fell onto the ground, but he kept silent. Shen Xuanqing only noticed it when he saw the teardrops on the ground.

The last time he had seen Lu Gu cry was when he had accidentally dropped an egg, but Lu Gu hadn’t cried in a long time, and now, clearly, he had cried without restraint.

After Lu Gu straightened up, he still kept his head lowered, wanting to steady himself, but when the word “mother” came to mind again, he burst into tears once more.

Shen Xuanqing had never seen such a scene before. The almost seven-foot-tall man stood there at a loss, and went to wipe the tears from Lu Gu’s face with clumsy hands.