Chapter 113


The setting sun filled the sky with rosy clouds, the clouds dyed orange with a hint of purple, the wind blew and the sea of clouds rolled, and in the distance the green mountains stretched far and wide. Small pink and pale yellow flowers bloomed on the ground in the mountains, swaying gently in the breeze. There were clusters of flowers and trees in full bloom; the reds were beautiful and ardent. Many petals had fallen to the ground. The flowering trees were of different heights. The tall ones made people crane their necks, while the shorter ones could be picked with a simple raise of the hand. When the wind blew, it brought the fragrance of the flowers, whether strong or light. Such colors and scenery were not limited to this place alone. They surged like a tide, covering the mountains and plains, lighting the entire hillside and fields.

The porridge was bubbling in the pot, and the aroma of rice filled the air. Lu Gu stood in front of the stove, stirring it with a large spoon. When he saw that the rice was cooked, he squatted down and reduced the fire at the bottom of the stove. He pulled out the burning firewood and poked it on the ground, and a lot of black ash fell away. The rice porridge simmered slowly over a low flame, and it could be eaten as soon as Shen Xuanqing returned.

The yard was a little quiet as he could no longer hear the sounds of Guaizi and Dabai playing. He came out to inspect out of curiosity, but he never expected that Guaizi was not obedient at all and was wrecking the mustard greens in the vegetable garden again, biting several of them to pieces, though he started eating them once he saw him come out. Yet his ears drooped and his tail tucked, betraying his guilt, and he even avoided Lu Gu’s gaze.

“You're not obedient again.” Lu Gu was a little annoyed by him and walked over to pat the dog's head twice.

The mustard greens had grown up a lot in the past six days and were still tender. He and Shen Xuanqing had just begun to taste them; they hadn't eaten them a few times yet, so he couldn’t let Guaizi ruin them.

The puppy, after being patted, lowered his head and looked away, whimpering. After being driven out of the vegetable garden, he still wanted to please Lu Gu, so he lay down on the ground and exposed his belly, waiting for Lu Gu. After Lu Gu pulled out the four ruined mustard greens from the garden and had just stepped outside, Guaizi clutched at Lu Gu’s trousers with his claws.

“If you want to eat it, just eat one—it's enough. Why bother chewing them all up? I’ll see how Erqing will deal with you when he comes back.” Lu Gu lightly shook the soil from the roots of the mustard greens and picked off the wilted leaves, then tossed some to the puppy to eat and the rest to Dabai.

The puppy was most afraid of Shen Xuanqing. He had made mistakes and been beaten several times before, but just like a child, he remembered the food but not the beating. No matter how much they corrected him, he would still be naughty when it was time to be naughty. [记吃不记打 Jì chī bù jì dǎ: Remember the food but not the beating.]

Now that Lu Gu had given him some mustard greens, he got up from the ground and began chewing, wagging his tail, as if he didn’t want to be beaten and was trying his best to please Lu Gu.

Dabai was obviously calmer; he usually didn’t cause trouble, and he didn’t mind the food at all.

Spring flowers bloomed outside the gate. They didn’t have to bother transplanting flowers in front of the yard as in late summer and early autumn, for beauty could be seen everywhere. Lu Gu had grown used to seeing this these days. He looked toward the woods to the east, where Shen Xuanqing usually came back from.

The sun slid behind the mountains little by little, and soon all the light was blocked by the distant peaks. As dusk darkened the sky, Lu Gu waited for Shen Xuanqing anxiously. He stood outside the gate, glancing around. After finishing the food, Guaizi ran out and sat beside his legs. After a while, he pricked up his ears and barked twice toward the woods, signaling that Shen Xuanqing was back.

Dahui and Dahei responded quickly, and within a quarter of an hour, Lu Gu saw three figures in the forest. The two dogs ran forward, Shen Xuanqing walked behind, Lu Gu led Guaizi to greet them, and Dahui and Dahei kept rubbing against his legs as they approached, their tails wagging.

Shen Xuanqing smiled when he saw him and said: “I went after deer today, but I didn’t catch any deer because I startled the herd. I did catch a few rabbits. I initially thought that if I couldn’t catch any alive, I’d just shoot one, but there were a lot of brush and trees in the way. The half-grown male ran fast, leaving behind two pregnant does, so I took the dogs and left.”

“Yeah.” Lu Gu nodded in agreement.

“The three rabbits aren’t dead, but their necks were bitten by the dogs. It doesn’t matter. If their condition isn’t serious, you don’t need to pound the herbs—just feed them to keep them alive.” Shen Xuanqing could talk a lot in front of his fulang.