Chapter 44 Part 30


To be the Li family’s young fulang, Lu Wen looked forward to it with all his heart, and he thought it would be improper for Li Mingshan to trouble the Shen family before the marriage. Li Mingshan had to rely on the Li family’s money to do things. If the old lady of the Li family knew about it—even if the quarrel in the street wasn’t entirely his fault, and given that he had already arranged a meeting with Shen Xuanqing—the Shen family’s entanglements with him before, it would surely be exposed to the Li family, and that would be bad for the marriage. So he forced his thoughts aside for a while, and even when the feelings were strong and tender, he did not speak up, simply snuggling to Li Mingshan and, intentionally or not, mentioning that they should marry as soon as possible. Li Mingshan was very tender-hearted toward him, and he agreed with all his heart. Lu Wen was even happier. He thought that after marrying, he would become the Li family’s young fulang, and it wouldn’t be too late to give them a little punishment.

Lu Gu didn’t know much about the people and happenings in town. These days, the whole family was busy threshing the rice, separating the chaff and grain, winnowing with the ox, and finally pounding the rice to remove the bran so that the new rice could come out. He couldn’t think of anything else. The weather was beautiful. The sun had been hot lately, and the rice wouldn’t sprout if dried; it was hot and tiring, but they were happy to grab a handful of white, clean new rice.

In front of Shen’s courtyard gate, Lu Gu raised a dustpan to separate the grains. There was a lot of dust on his face and hands. He paused to rest when it grew too hot. He raised his arms and wiped the sweat from his brow with his sleeve. Just as he was about to get busy again, Shen Xuanqing spoke.

“You, mother, and Shen Yan all take a break. There aren’t many left. Brother Daqing and I are fine. The sun has been good these days, so don’t be too anxious.” Shen Xuanqing said, and took his dustpan. After he left, Lu Gu couldn’t work anymore, so he had to go back to the courtyard to rest as he had been told.

“Mother, are you hungry? Let’s have a steamed bun first.” Ji Qiuyue was cooking and called out when she saw them come in. Tired from the morning, Wei Lanxiang replied, “Yes, let’s wash our faces and eat.”

Lu Gu scooped water for the three of them to wash their hands and faces, rubbed wild soapberries in his hands, and closed his eyes tightly as he washed away the white foam and dirt. Ji Qiuyue brought them lukewarm but soft steamed buns, pickles, and cut a few salted duck eggs for them to eat. The duck egg yolks were pricked with chopsticks to release a red, oily juice. They were not too salty and went well with the steamed buns and the pickled vegetables. If there weren’t any chicken eggs, they could eat duck eggs to make up for the fatigue of the past few days. Lu Gu ate half of a salted duck egg very cleanly, and in the end there was only a half-shell left with no residue. He still thought salted eggs were delicious, and when the ducks he raised laid eggs next year, he would also make salted eggs for Shen Xuanqing to eat.