Chapter 72 Part 24


The kitchen was empty, dark, and so cold. The rest of the Shen family were in their rooms, and no one disturbed them.

Shen Xuanqing couldn’t hold back any longer and raised his hand to grab Lu Gu’s hand. At first he held it tightly, but then he gradually grew presumptuous, from pinching the palm to playing with his fingers. Even he could not understand it—it's just a hand, everyone has one, yet he could not let it go.

Lu Gu lowered his head and did not dare to speak. The orange fire shone brightly, and his blushing face could not tell whether it was from embarrassment or heat.

It wasn’t long before white steam escaped from the pot, and not long after Lu Gu heard Shen Yan shouting from the main room, “Brother Guzi, is the water boiling?”

There were footsteps outside, and she moved toward the kitchen shouting.

Shen Xuanqing sprang up as if waking from a dream, and Lu Gu grew even more panicked. He suddenly withdrew his hand and trembled as he said, “It’s boiling.”

Seeing Lu Gu’s shy lashes tremble slightly, he brushed Lu Gu’s hand in the kitchen. Shen Xuanqing was a little embarrassed as well, but there was a smile on his face.

Shen Yan brought two Tang Pozi over, one for Ji Qiuyue. First she filled a Tang Pozi with hot water and tucked it into the quilt, warming the quilt.

“I’ll get it,” Shen Xuanqing stood up and said.

“Yeah.” Lu Gu nodded, and helped Shen Yan fill the Tang Pozi first.

As night fell, the entire Qingxi Village fell into complete quiet, save for the occasional barking of a dog.

After being held by Shen Xuanqing, Lu Gu closed his eyes and wanted to sleep, but suddenly a big hand groped and covered his eyes. He instinctively wanted to open his eyes, but the darkness prevented him, and he had to close them again. In this way, his long eyelashes brushed against Shen Xuanqing’s palm, and the faint tickling feeling crossed his heart at the same time. This was indeed the feeling Shen Xuanqing had wanted to experience, and tonight he finally began.

Lu Gu struggled in his arms; anyone who had their eyes covered would feel uncomfortable, so he let go of Shen Xuanqing’s hand, wanting to explain but not knowing how to say it, and kept silent. He was held and kissed for a while, and the unbearable itch finally subsided after the kiss, allowing him to sleep soundly.

After catching so many fat badgers, all of them were fat and strong, and one was very heavy to lift. The most important thing was to skin the badgers as soon as possible and then refine the badger oil.

After breakfast, Wei Lanxiang took Shen Yan to town to buy borneol. Not to mention the village, ordinary people in town couldn’t afford borneol, but adding borneol when refining badger oil was the best. The high-grade badger oil could be sold at a higher price after being refined.

After Lu Gu boiled water, the two Shen brothers joined in killing and skinning the badgers in the yard. Ji Qiuyue took a look and felt sick to her stomach, not daring to watch again. Lu Gu often saw Shen Xuanqing skin rabbits and pluck pheasants, but this was the first time he’d seen badgers killed. They killed the badgers first, then skinned them directly.

The puppy was chained in the yard, and Dahui, used to the smell of blood, circled the prey, looking quite calm. The puppy barked excitedly, eager to secretly bite into the badger meat and even pushed close to the blood on the ground. Afraid it would lick the blood, Lu Gu hurriedly told it to go to the main room and closed the door to that room, not letting it go out again. Guaizi followed him all day long; he was naturally obedient and followed him when called.

“Guzi, how about this cloth?” Ji Qiuyue probed outside the door when she heard the movement.

The smell of blood in the yard was strong; the badger was larger than a rabbit, and the sight of skinning and the belly being cut open was not very pleasant to watch. Lu Gu did not want to watch any longer, so he came over after hearing her words.

“Sit down.” Ji Qiuyue sat on the edge of the bed, spread a piece of red cloth, and touched it.

After sitting, Lu Gu touched it and found it was soft. It was really good cloth, so he said, “It’s really good cloth.”

He looked up and asked, “Sister-in-law, is this going to be used to make clothes for children?”

“Yes.” Ji Qiuyue smiled. “I’ll tell you, Brother Daqing said the child will be born in August next year, it will be hot, so we should use this light cloth to make some clothes.”

After thinking it over, Lu Gu said, “After the clothes are finished, I’ll embroider some small flowers to make them look nicer, and I’ll embroider tiger-head patterns.”

Tigers and lions were mighty and majestic, and the children here, regardless of gender, would wear tiger or lion hats if they were well-dressed. Shoes were meant to ward off evil spirits and keep people safe, and the same applied to clothes embroidered with tiger and lion patterns.

Ji Qiuyue nodded again and again, smiling happily: “Okay, don’t worry. My stomach isn’t big enough for us to work in the winter. I just bought four-color embroidery thread, and I plan to make a tiger hat; for tiger shoes, Mother said she will do it, and now you can embroider tiger patterns on the clothes—everything will be done.”

At that moment, the puppy came in with a wagging tail. Ji Qiuyue looked at it and said with a smile, “He’s still so fat.”

Lu Gu’s eyebrows curved slightly as he smiled, glancing at the puppy, and thinking that next year there would be a little child wearing a tiger-head patterned dress and shoes; he felt happy.

After the clothes were ready, other embroidery could wait for now—the most important thing had to come first.