Chapter 13


A twinge of unease pressed at him. How should he say that he wanted to go back to the grave? Before he married, Du Hehua had locked him at home and would not let him go out. He hadn’t had a chance to tell his mother that he had married. It was one thing to be sold, another to tell his mother the truth.

The day’s heat faded, and the night grew cooler. Lu Gu lay swaddled in a quilt, his eyes drifting as sleep began to pull him under. In a daze, he suddenly heard a few dogs barking, from far away to near.

He opened his eyes again, certain he wasn’t dreaming. The dogs barked at the front of the courtyard, and there was the sound of paws scratching at the door.

Before he could rise, he heard Shen Yaoqing stepping out.

“Second brother?” Shen Yaoqing called, while pulling on his clothes.

“It’s me, eldest brother,” Shen Xuanqing replied. When he came down from the mountain, he had set the dogs loose, so they fell behind and barked at the door.

As soon as the courtyard gate opened, two small dogs squeezed in, wagging their tails around Shen Yaoqing, and Da Hui followed closely.

“Er Qing, you’re back at this hour?” Wei Lanxiang called through the window, her voice half worried. Usually he returned during the day, and traveling through the mountains at night was no easy feat.

Shen Xuanqing set down the things on his shoulders and said, “Mother, I’m fine. I caught a few rabbits. I came back at night, I’ll sell them early in the morning.”

“Okay, then you go back to your room and sleep early,” Wei Lanxiang replied, relieved.

Shen Yaoqing tied the dogs in the backyard, washed his hands, and returned to his room. Shen Xuanqing also hurried to wash his face, washing away the wind and dust of the road.

He pushed open the door and saw that Lu Gu was about to put on his shoes, and suddenly realized that Lu Gu was married, and there would be someone waiting for him when he came back.

Lu Gu raised his head at the movement, but paused a moment; Shen Xuanqing had entered the room so quickly.

Because they were not fully familiar with each other, the two fell silent for a while. Lu Gu didn’t know how to handle the situation, and he seemed a trifle nervous.

Shen Xuanqing closed the door and walked over.

It wasn’t the first time they were pressed to sleep in the same bed, so Lu Gu hurriedly moved over to make room.

Moonlight poured in like water through the gaps in the window, giving the room a tranquil, almost otherworldly feel. There was nothing more to say that night.

—

Lu Gu walked along with Shen Xuanqing because they would pass through Anjia Village on their way back from town. Lu Gu needed to go to Langzhong’s house to change the medicine on his head, and the medicine he had brought with him had run out.

Shen Xuanqing carried a large bamboo basket on his back, heavy with its contents. In addition to the three fat rabbits, there was also a half-dead deer.

He had set a trap in a place in the deep mountains where wild boars often lurked. Few people dared go there except for hunters and herb collectors. Following their unwritten rules, he had carved a few marks with an axe on a tree near the trap so that those who frequented the deep mountains would understand and avoid that place.

Who would have guessed that the wild boar wasn’t caught? He had brought the dogs to inspect the scene; the trap had instead caught a deer that had wandered into the boar’s territory by mistake. The trap was hidden by fallen leaves, footprints hard to discern. He had seen the grass and leaves on the trees eaten. He knew the deer that stepped on the trap wasn’t the one that ate the greens; there must have been an older deer, and only the unlucky younger one had fallen into it, causing the older to escape.

This young deer wasn’t truly bad luck—just unlucky. It fell into the pit and wasn’t pierced by the sharpened timbers at the bottom; it broke its spine and couldn’t stand up again. After a night, there was little breath left.

He had returned last night to sell this young deer. As for the rabbits last night, they were kept as guard against the walls and ears.

The town’s wealthy buyers liked fresh deer. This deer was still small, and the meat would naturally be tenderer than that of an old deer. It wasn’t dead yet, and the price could go up.

Shen Xuanqing’s steps were brisk, and it was a little harder for Lu Gu to keep up, but he knew wild game fetched a better price alive.

Shen Xuanqing, looking back, saw Lu Gu struggling to follow and slowed his pace.

The pair rose very early and reached Fenggu Town at dawn. The town was crowded, all kinds of shouts and cries ringing through the streets. Shen Xuanqing’s pace slowed as the crowds thickened, and at times he walked beside Lu Gu.

There was a tall, strong man beside him, which made Lu Gu feel a twinge of panic alongside a strange sense of steadiness; the noise of the crowd seemed to be muffled by the presence of that man.

“Here we are.” Seeing an empty space in front of him, Shen Xuanqing laid down the bamboo basket, spread a rough cloth on the ground, and arranged the three rabbits and the young deer in a row by size.