Chapter 55 Part 6


He walked downstream along the river bank, the puppy playing, but he never strayed far from it. After half an hour, the bamboo basket was full of wild vegetables. Although the basket was packed, it felt light after drying. Lu Gu washed the wild vegetables by the river and returned to the yard with the bamboo basket still dripping on his back. He spread a mat in the sun, emptied the vegetables onto it, and, after spreading them evenly, carried the bamboo basket back to fetch purslane again.

The weather grew colder, and even the purslane would wither in the future, with even fewer other wild vegetables available, so while there were some left, he would gather more. There were six people in total.

Near a patch of lush grass by the river, Lu Gu picked up a very long branch and prodded the half-leg-high grass to make sure there were no snakes or insects before he dared to pass through.

Another basket of wild vegetables was full, so he lifted it and planned to wash it at a familiar upstream spot, closer to the yard. After carrying the bamboo basket, he called the puppy, and the pup ran over. When he came here, he had been paying attention to the wild vegetables on the ground. Now he had time to look around, and he spotted a bunch of black grapes not far away. The thick vines were wrapped around a trunk. The mountain grapes hidden below couldn’t be seen.

Lu Gu was overjoyed. Mountain grapes were rare, and it had grown cold recently, so he thought they were all gone. Approaching, he found that only this cluster was good; the others had fallen to the ground and rotted, and there was an obvious sour smell. The black grapes were not very large, so he plucked them and put them into the bamboo basket on his back, and walked back with the puppy.

There was a stone by the river near the yard that he often sat on. After washing the purslane, Lu Gu rinsed the mountain grapes in the clear river water. He did not dare to use too much force, or the grapes would fall off. Some did fall, but thankfully he was quick and caught the two grapes in the water. The mountain grapes were small, but sweet, sour, and full of moisture. After tasting them, Lu Gu was pleased, and he planned to eat them together with Shen Xuanqing when he returned.

In the morning, he ran outside four times alone, then spread the four large bamboo baskets of wild vegetables evenly on the mat. After all, he was not comfortable. Lu Gu didn’t do any other work. After eating and resting for a while, he drove the ducks out of the fence to go swimming. He sat by the pond, basking in the sun with the puppy for fun.

To be playful, he also mowed some tender grass along the way, and some water plants that chickens and ducks love to eat. Except for his chickens and ducks, in case Shen Xuanqing came back today and caught live prey like pheasants or rabbits, it would have to be fed and raised, and it was better to have more.

In the afternoon, he drove the ducks out of the pond and let them graze in the yard. After the gate to the fence was closed tightly, he felt relieved and led the puppy back to the yard.

First he moved the drying mat for the wild vegetables to the sun, and then Lu Gu went to the room to get his sewing basket. Shen Xuanqing’s handkerchief was old, so he had to embroider two new ones, and he would make them today while he had time.

Unlike money bags and sachets, men’s handkerchiefs were usually made by their mothers or wives. It was common to embroider flowers on the corners, and no one would laugh at it.

Lu Gu held the embroidery frame with a focused look, guiding the needle and thread as the colored embroidery floss flashed. Red petals, green branches and leaves, and yellow stamens were stitched delicately and beautifully. The flowers embroidered on the two handkerchiefs were different, so Shen Xuanqing could tell which one was used and switch and wash easily.

The sun gradually moved west, and the sky changed a little.

In the evening, Lu Gu finished frying the dishes, hesitating whether to wait at the door as usual. What happened last night and this morning made him a little afraid to see Shen Xuanqing, and before he could decide, he heard a dog barking outside.

When the person returned, he couldn’t hide. He felt a little scared, embarrassed, and ashamed, so he lowered his eyes, clutched the corner of his clothes with one hand, and walked toward the door.

Shen Xuanqing, tall and long-legged, soon approached. He was in a good mood. Even though he had bad luck today and only caught a rabbit, the smile on his face didn’t fade.

“You’re back,” Lu Gu said.

“I’m back.” Shen Xuanqing smiled brightly. He was already very handsome with sword-like eyebrows and starry eyes, but with this smile he became even more handsome, making Lu Gu not dare to look at him for long.

“Today I caught a rabbit, and it was killed before I could even take it out of the dog’s mouth. I’ll peel the skin tonight, and tomorrow you’ll fry the rabbit meat with more spicy peppers,” Shen Xuanqing said as he walked into the courtyard with a big bamboo basket on his back.

Lu Gu, ever obedient, nodded and whispered, “Okay, we have plenty of dried chilies.”

After dinner, Shen Xuanqing and Lu Gu carried the drying mat for wild vegetables and moved it into the main room. It grew gloomy as soon as it got dark, and it didn’t look good.

“It may rain tomorrow,” Shen Xuanqing said, glancing at the sky. Following his words, Lu Gu looked up; it might really rain, so he subconsciously said, “Then put away all the things in the yard.”

There was nothing to dry in the yard, but the firewood, the ax, and other tools were outside, so they had to put them away in case it rained in the middle of the night, or you’d have to get up. Shen Xuanqing nodded in response, and did not need Lu Gu to do anything; he went to tidy up by himself.