Chapter 70


The days passed quickly, and before long it was several days later in the blink of an eye. Winter was almost here. In the mountains, animals that should have thickened up for autumn were already fattening, and as the weather grew colder they would begin to hibernate. Shen Xuanqing often hunted wild rabbits and pheasants; these were not rare. These days he brought the big dogs to hunt badgers. Whether it was a badger or a greater hog badger, they carried fat, and their fur was the thickest in winter. It was late autumn and early winter, a good time to hunt before hibernation.

Besides fur, the refined badger oil was also valuable. It could be used as medicine, and the price charged by the medical clinic wasn’t bad. In winter, a bit applied to dry hands and feet would moisturize them, so there would be no need to suffer from chapped skin. This creature was ferocious, with sharp teeth. Sometimes when hunted by the dogs, it dared to attack them when cornered. It was also powerful at punching holes. Its nest connected underground and had several exits. It was hard for ordinary people to catch it.

But there’s a saying that “eight catties of badgers and seven catties of oil” could be sold for money, and the price wasn’t low. Naturally, many people would think of ways to go to the mountains to catch them. Whether by smoking them or using any other method available, they tried. Shen Xuanqing had gotten some badgers last year. Badger skin and oil weren’t as expensive as fox fur, but you could sell more of them. In addition to selling the oil to pay off debts, he kept half of the oil for his family to wipe their hands and feet, and it had been used a lot in the past winter.

Dahui and the other two dogs had become adept at catching them over the past two years, and they knew how powerful this creature was. After the badger was forced out of its hole, they would avoid the sharp teeth that bit at them. The three big dogs were not afraid of the hunt and of biting. Sometimes the badgers were too fierce and would bite and fight the dogs for a while. Some idlers in the village would go to the mountains in winter to hunt badgers. Several men would bring the dogs; just like when the dogs chased rabbits, they liked watching the scenes of the roundups and the biting.

But Shen Xuanqing did not have that kind of leisure time. Since he learned to hunt, the most common thing he did was hunt, and he had long lost interest in watching such scenes a long time ago. He didn’t want to delay, so the long knife he carried came in handy. His knife was long and heavy, with a thick, solid back; one or two blows could knock the badger unconscious, then it could be put in a sack and carried back. His hands looked sophisticated and neat.

The reason he didn’t use the blade to chop the head was that he felt the blood gushing from a severed head wouldn’t be easy to carry back, and skinning them in the mountains would take a lot of time. Of course, sometimes you couldn’t control your strength, and it wasn’t uncommon for the knife to smash a badger to pieces and kill it. Shen Xuanqing didn’t think he would miss it. He didn’t like badger meat.

He traveled through the deep forest for seven days and brought back a lot of prey, including rabbits, pheasants, and a dozen fat badgers.

Shen Xuanqing was busy outside, and Lu Gu was not idle either. He gathered as many wild vegetables and mushrooms as he could find, as well as medicinal materials and igniter grass. They were dried in the sun for a few days, and he went to gather two baskets of wild soapberries. The things were green and wet just after being picked, and the basket was quite heavy, so he rested several times along the way.

Seven days after the clear weather, the sky changed again, turning heavy with clouds. Although it didn’t rain or snow, it was hard to go out when the wind howled. Sand and stones blew up, and it was hard to open their eyes.

Today they both stayed indoors; the courtyard door was closed so the wind wouldn’t blow in. It was too cold in the afternoon, so they lit a brazier to warm themselves. Shen Xuanqing took a sip of hot water, looked at the sky outside, and said to Lu Gu, “If there’s no wind tomorrow, let Dahui go back to find elder brother and mother and have them come up. Tonight, after we tidy up, we can go down the mountain and go home the day after tomorrow.”

Lu Gu picked up the tianwogen in the brazier with a branch and replied after hearing him, “Then I’ll tidy up tomorrow.” There were a lot of things to take down the mountain, but the cart was too heavy for the two of them, and the field hadn’t been busy recently, so it would be easier for two more people to pull the cart together.