Chapter 27


Shen Xuanqing was lost in thought, a little distracted. He hadn’t given much thought to the matter of giving birth that day when Wang Langzhong mentioned it. Just now, when he saw Lu Gu holding a child, his heart was suddenly touched. He had been thinking about it all along, so he only paid attention to what the people in the alley had said, and didn’t heed other things.

Although he hadn’t forgotten what he said about buying Lu Gu back then, he didn’t take it to heart. Moreover, he had once made an agreement with Wei Lanxiang to make Lu Gu his husband—not as a servant, and he usually didn’t think about it at all.

As for Lu Gu’s look toward him, because he often wore that timid expression, Shen Xuanqing didn’t connect the things in the alley with the current moment, and he said: “If your legs are tired, sit down and I will take you back.”

Lu Gu shook his head. “No, I’m not tired.” He was far from the alley, and he thought to himself that at least he could eat in the Shen family. People were different; as long as he was obedient and worked hard to earn more money, he probably wouldn’t be sold again. So he felt a bit relieved.

After leaving the town, there was still a long way to Qingxi Village. Shen Xuanqing thought of his hard work all the way, so he let Lu Gu ride on the cart. Country people didn’t have carriages, so they often used carts to carry people and loads. Some drivers hitched donkeys or mules to the cart, which was faster than walking and could move if the cart was light.

Lu Gu sat on the cart, looking at the tall figure in front of him, not knowing what to think, but feeling that such a Shen Xuanqing wouldn’t sell him.

When they returned, the cart and the bamboo basket were both empty. Shen Xuanqing dragged Lu Gu into the yard and stopped.

Wei Lanxiang, who was sitting under the eaves and working, greeted them. Beside her stood a woman Lu Gu had never seen before, about the same age as him. When Shen Xuanqing called her Aunt, Lu Gu got down from the cart and called out softly as well.

“Back so late, are you hungry?” Wei Lanxiang helped Lu Gu down from the cart and asked with a smile.

“Aunt, we’ve already eaten at noon, so there’s no need to eat again,” Shen Xuanqing said, picking up the sheepskin without exposing the legs inside, and carrying it into the kitchen.

“Aunt Erqing sold a lot today. I heard you got up early and pulled a cart full of things into town,” Zhou Yunzhi, the auntie, said with a smile.

Hearing her voice, his heart skipped a beat. Not all sharp voices were bad, but what struck Lu Gu was the way Zhou Yunzhi looked at him when she spoke; there was nothing wrong with it, yet it reminded him of Du Hehua.

Shen Xuanqing came out of the kitchen, and replied: “Auntie is joking; they are all worthless things, they just look like a lot.”

“It’s cheap but there’s a lot of it, so you’ve made a lot of money.” Zhou Yunzhi smacked her lips, her face full of disbelief.

“No matter how much I sell, I earn only a little. How can I compare to the big brother who earns a lot every month doing errands in town.” Shen Xuanqing didn’t want to continue talking to her, so he pulled the conversation elsewhere.

Zhou Yunzhi smiled proudly.

Wei Lanxiang’s expression remained unchanged; she pulled a handful of green onions from the vegetable patch and asked with a smile, “Sister-in-law, do you have enough of these green onions?”

After speaking of Shen Xuanqing, she came over to take a look. After inspecting it, she looked at the cart and saw there was nothing extra; she took the green onions and left.

She didn’t know that Shen Xuanqing had already left some food for the family, and he had placed it in the backyard.

After she left, Wei Lanxiang still looked out the door, then dragged Lu Gu back to the main room and whispered, “This is your first uncle’s wife; her name is Zhou Yunzhi, and everyone in the village calls her Sister-in-law Zhou. Don’t talk to her.”

“And as for those from Dafang’s family, I’ll tell you later. Keep in touch with your third uncle and aunt, and be careful with them. If you run into them, hide. Don’t tell them about the family affairs. If you hear something unpleasant, just ignore it. Tell me when you come back, and tell Erqing.”

Lu Gu didn’t like Zhou Yunzhi’s calculating gaze when she spoke; it reminded him of Du Hehua. Upon hearing this, he quickly nodded and said he would write it down.

After Zhou Yunzhi left, Shen Xuanqing went into the kitchen to chop the legs of sheep. Wei Lanxiang heard the noise and hurried Lu Gu to the kitchen. Seeing that it was legs of sheep, she couldn’t be unhappy.

Shen Xuanqing also gave her ten taels of silver, and it made her smile; she liked Lu Gu more and more.

The debts owed by the family were all paid off, and all the money they earned belonged to themselves. After Wei Lanxiang hid the money, she called Lu Gu into the room and showed him the clothes she had made. She was so happy they had come back yesterday, thinking that Lu Gu was too tired from climbing the mountain road, and with a cuff confiscated, she hadn’t mentioned the clothes; she produced them today.

The money for making clothes for Lu Gu was paid by Shen Xuanqing. This time she did not take any money out of it; when she bought the cotton, she paid 80 copper coins in cash herself, and made two thick jackets for Lu Gu, including tops and trousers. It would shield his legs from the cold in the mountains.

In addition to the jacket, there were three thick cloth outfits and a pair of cotton-padded shoes. These were all real materials. She couldn’t do it by herself, so she asked Ji Qiuyue to help.