Chapter 71 Part 21


“Brother Guzi, look at the silk flowers on my head.” Shen Yan stepped up to Lu Gu with a smile. A small light-yellow silk flower was tucked beside the two buns on her head, and it was quite pretty. Lu Gu gave a slight smile and said, “It’s so pretty.”

Shen Yan was even happier when she heard Wei Lanxiang outside mention that there was a badger. Since Lu Gu only needed to light the fire to heat the meal and didn’t need any help, she went to the woodshed to see the badger herself.

The food was hot and served on the table. Shen Xuanqing and Lu Gu had nothing else to do, so they lit the brazier and sat beside it. He asked casually, “Sister-in-law is at home?” Shen Yaoqing hadn’t swallowed her food yet, so she couldn’t answer, but she looked up and forced a small, foolish smile.

Wei Lanxiang was even more delighted and said, “Your sister-in-law is happy.” “The mountain road is too far away, so she isn’t allowed to come up.” Shen Yaoqing laughed. Shen Xuanqing was a little surprised, then he laughed as well. A new family member was on the way, and he was naturally happy, saying, “The few rabbits and pheasants won’t be sold; they’ll be used to make up for my sister-in-law.” Naturally, a pregnant woman should eat well.

Shen Yan was still young, barely grown, but knowing that she would have a nephew or niece, she couldn’t be unhappy. Lu Gu was no exception; Shen’s family treated him well. Ji Qiuyue was pregnant, so he was happy as well, remembering that Ni’er called him Xiaoma, and thinking that in the future there would be a little child in their family who would call him Xiaoma too.

It wasn’t easy to build a house in the deep mountains. There were only two rooms where people could sleep. Because Shen Yaoqing had come up, the brothers slept in the east room, and Lu Gu, Wei Lanxiang, and Shen Yan stayed in the west room. So a night passed.

Early the next morning, the journey wasn’t urgent, and the family didn’t rise to tidy until the sun came out. Wei Lanxiang and Shen Yan were cooking and tending the kitchen fire, while Shen Xuanqing and Shen Yaoqing were putting badgers in sacks in the woodshed. These creatures were not small, and they were quite fat. After catching sixteen badgers, they placed them on two sacks. There were still seven living badgers. These days they had been tied with ropes to their front paws and mouths. If the ropes weren’t tied at the mouths, they would bite through and escape—their teeth were too sharp.

The puppy followed into the woodshed and barked at the fat badgers when he saw them on the ground. The live badgers kicked and rushed to bite. Shen Xuanqing dragged one away by the back of the neck when it tried to bite.

The puppy was clever; he had seen Dahui chase rabbits. Shen Xuanqing had trained him, and he knew to let go. After being tossed out of the woodshed, when he heard Lu Gu’s movement in the room, he wagged his tail and went in to rub his legs.

After all the quilts were folded and rolled up and stuffed into the big box, Lu Gu folded his and Shen Xuanqing’s thick winter clothes and placed them on the bag, so they wouldn’t need to take the two thin sets of winter clothes.

As for the book in the box, Lu Gu hesitated for a moment and didn’t dare touch it. After Shen Xuanqing took care of the badgers and walked out of the woodshed, he saw Lu Gu standing there motionless in front of the window, so he went to the window and asked, “What’s the matter?” Lu Gu turned around quickly, hesitant and speechless. Standing at the window, Shen Xuanqing saw the box and Lu Gu’s posture, even his cheeks were a little red, and he immediately understood what was going on. There were so many people in the courtyard; he feigned nonchalance, but lowered his voice and said, “Take it.” “Erqing, do you want to take this basket of grass?” Shen Yaoqing asked from the woodshed. “Take it.” After Shen Xuanqing finished speaking, he didn’t dare to look at Lu Gu’s face, and he went to the backyard to catch the chickens and ducks, so they could be put into the chicken coop and carried down the mountain.

The igniter grass had been saved by Lu Gu; besides this basket, there was a small pile in the corner of the woodshed that would be useful for lighting the fire next year. The bundle was packed, and only the two of them knew the books hidden in the clothes.

After eating and drinking, Lu Gu tidied the kitchen neatly. After a round of inspection, there was nothing else to bring, and the five of them headed out the door, each carrying a basket on his back. The bundle was originally meant to be carried by Shen Yan, which was lighter than the bamboo basket, but now that there was something hidden inside that couldn’t be seen, Lu Gu didn’t dare let others carry it.

Shen Yan carried a basket of igniter grass; Wei Lanxiang carried a basket of dried mushrooms and black mushrooms, with Lu Gu’s sewing basket tucked inside. The basket containing medicinal materials was relatively heavy, and Shen Yaoqing carried it on his back. He and Shen Xuanqing took turns pulling the cart, and Shen Xuanqing pulled the cart first.

Lu Gu closed all the doors that should be closed and bolted the windows. When he locked the courtyard door, he noticed there were still some qiucai left in the courtyard. This kind of vegetable could keep through early winter. If you planted it in the ground and left it, you could sometimes still see a bit of greenery after the snow. He dug it up and removed the frozen rotten leaves. The thick stems were usually not eaten, but the older ones grew fatter in early winter. After freezing, they wouldn’t be so astringent. He peeled off the outer skin, cut them into slices, and blanched them in water; you could also stir-fry them fresh.

There were many qiucai plants at the house at the foot of the mountain, in front of the yard and behind the house. Although these qiucai were a bit of a pity, Lu Gu didn’t dig them. After he locked the door, he turned around and walked down the mountain with Shen Xuanqing and the others. Dahei was running ahead, and the puppy chased the big dogs and barked, his ears wiggling as he ran, his body seeming to bounce with the excitement of so many people. The dogs’ barking echoed through the bleak mountain forest as the wind rustled and the ground was littered with dead leaves. It was time to go home.