Chapter 11


That day, Lu Gu changed out of his wedding dress at the Lu family home. Ji Qiuyue saw it and took the dress with her when she left.

The fabric for the wedding dress had been bought by the Shen family, and it wasn’t originally made for Lu Gu. Lu Gu had no idea about the price of the clothes. He just wondered why Wei Lanxiang had brought him here.

Wei Lanxiang led him to the bustling commercial street to find customers. Fenggu Town was still lively, and with more people there were more opportunities. However, there would be a happy event in someone’s home, and people would ask about the price, and Wei Lanxiang felt she had offered too little. Even if the dress wasn’t new, it had only been worn for one day, so how could they sell it at such a low price?

“I said that my sister also knows the goods. Whoever sees this fabric will tell you it's good. The dress alone costs five hundred wen. In addition to the embroidery, look at the stitches—how much thought it took. Let alone you only offered two hundred; if you really want it, three hundred.”

After hearing “three hundred,” the bargaining woman pouted, but the material was indeed nice, and cheaper than having it made herself. “This dress is too big,” she said. “It will take a lot of work to alter it when I get back, and it will be difficult to find similar material to make the shoes.”

As she spoke, she happened to notice the wedding shoes on Lu Gu’s feet and the linen-wrapped headcloth around his head. There was a faint smear of blood on his forehead. He looked as if he had been hurt. She seemed startled and said, “This is what you’re wearing? The dress has blood on it—did he get hurt? Unlucky to wear a wedding dress like this?”

Hearing this, Wei Lanxiang immediately grew unhappy, snatching the wedding dress back from the woman’s hand, and said, “What is auspicious and what is unlucky, sister? If you want to buy it, buy it; if you don’t, never mind. What are you saying with all that?”

She turned to Lu Gu and said, “Let’s go. Don’t sell it here; go somewhere else.”

Lu Gu hurried to follow, feeling uneasy in his heart, very afraid that they wouldn’t be able to sell the dress because of him.

The woman behind them grew a little anxious. She had just used Shuang’er, who was seventeen or eighteen years old, as a bargaining chip to press the price. If she could win it for two hundred wen, who would care about luck? She shouted twice from behind, trying to bargain again.

Wei Lanxiang pretended not to hear, letting the other person’s uglier words fade away. It was better to find another buyer.

The two moved to another street, closer to Fangshi. Wei Lanxiang said to Lu Gu, “I’m going to sell this. You wait here, don’t go anywhere.”

After enough effort, the crowd had grown too thick to squeeze down the price any further.

Lu Gu stood where he was, not following. There were people coming and going around him, and he felt a little helpless in the middle of it all.

They walked along the street, selling the dress; Wei Lanxiang walked ahead, and Lu Gu followed, not too close, just within sight.

When Wei Lanxiang looked back and saw him, her heart felt at ease, and she no longer worried about Lu Gu.

After walking around the town for an hour and a half, they finally sold the clothes for 300 wen. Wei Lanxiang carried the cloth-covered basket tightly and led Lu Gu to the cloth shop.

Wedding dresses were not as easy to sell as ordinary clothes, and you had to be lucky to meet someone with a happy event. Besides, the rich and wealthy households didn’t like this style of fabric. Only farmers and ordinary people in Fenggu Town would come to take a look. If it was too expensive, people would rather buy the cloth and have it made themselves, so they could only sell it cheaply.

Selling it for 300 wen wasn’t bad; at least she didn’t have to touch the money she’d set aside.

In the cloth shop, Wei Lanxiang spent 80 wen to buy a piece of rough indigo fabric. The fabric wasn’t as good as the wedding dress, but it had a bright dye and looked much nicer and not cheap.

When she bought the cloth, she compared it to Lu Gu, but Lu Gu stood still and didn’t dare to move, so he let her compare.

After leaving the shop, Wei Lanxiang said to Lu Gu as they walked, “This fabric will be used to make you some new clothes. Can you do the work?”

Eighty wen was an exceedingly large price for Lu Gu. When he was eleven, his mother died, and he hadn’t learned how to sew clothes. After Du Hehua came, there hadn’t been a chance. Unlike Shuang’er, who was seventeen or eighteen and hadn’t seen much of the world, the poor family didn’t have much fabric to spare. Lu Gu wasn’t the only one who didn’t know much about life. Seeing that he looked a little frightened, Wei Lanxiang said, “It’s all right if you don’t know yet. You can learn slowly later. Your sister-in-law is very good at making waistcoats, but it’s not easy when you’re making a full suit. Sometimes you’ll need to use more fabric.”

Lu Gu couldn’t answer; he just listened. Noon had come and gone quickly, and the two hurried back.