Chapter 215 Part 036597191


"Dad."

"Here you go." Shen Xuanqing had just handed over a string of meat when he heard his little shuang'er call him. He immediately responded, "Hey, our Ling ger is here, isn’t he?" Little Lingjun giggled, his tiny hands emerging from his sleeves to clutch Lu Gu’s pants.

After the customer left, Lu Gu warmed his hands on the tangpozi. Watching Shen Xuanqing pick up their little shuang'er with a smile, a faint grin touched his lips.

Unable to resist, he walked to the shop entrance and caught a few more snowflakes, turning to show Lingjun. "Tell me, what’s this?"

"Snow." Proud of recognizing it, Lingjun's milky voice brimmed with delight.

Shen Xuanqing beamed. "Wow, amazing! He even knows snow!"

Lingjun grew even more pleased, stretching his arms out in imitation of Lu Gu, trying to catch snowflakes.

The two adults and the child played in the shop. Learning that Luo Biao was back and they’d be stewing meat for lunch, Lu Gu took the basket and headed home first to cook after Shen Xuanqing chopped the pork. A good stew needed time to simmer properly.

At lunch, it was just the three of them and the child. Lu Gu didn’t shy away. Luo Biao restrained himself while drinking this time—after all, he was in Shen Xuanqing’s home, and a child was present. Besides, with good meat to eat, a few small cups of wine were enjoyment enough.

He’d made two trips this year, trading horses and goods. Spring and summer had been fine, but the autumn trip earned even more. In winter, the north was cold, so salt, cloth, and tea sold well—even children’s toys found buyers.

He jokingly called Qiu Laosan and his crew "miscellaneous peddlers," taking goods from here to sell up north. Since they had few carts and horses on the way there, they couldn’t carry much, but they still turned a small profit. Then they brought back horses and fur, making money both ways.

Fur.

Hearing this, Shen Xuanqing, who was pouring wine, asked, "Does fur sell for much?" Over the past few years, their family had slaughtered rabbits and sheep. Sheepskins were fewer, but they’d accumulated quite a few rabbit furs. Aside from selling some to brush-making workshops, ever since autumn turned cold, whenever customers came to buy meat, he or Lu Gu would mention they also sold rabbit fur—good for keeping out the cold and wind. Even if someone only wanted one or two, they’d sell them.

A few dozen copper coins were still money, who would refuse it?

Luo Biao slurped his wine and grinned. "I’ve never sold it, but I’ve heard Qiu Laosan mention it while drinking. They buy pelts up north and return when it’s cold here, selling them in our area or even Yufu Prefecture. At the very least, they double their money. There are plenty of cows and sheep up north, so pelts are cheap."

He set down his cup and chewed on a piece of meat before continuing, "But these are horse traders. Though horses can pull carts and goods, overloading them isn’t worth it. Plus, there’s the fodder they need on the road, you have to carry some no matter what. So they can’t transport much fur."

"The journey back is hard enough. Forget bandits and robbers, even if you bribe them all, if the horses lose weight or get injured, that’s hitting where it really hurts. You can’t trade much that way."

Shen Xuanqing didn’t say much after listening. Smiling, he picked up a piece of meat for Lu Gu and asked, "Where are you staying this winter? Going back to Fenggu Town?"

Luo Biao had followed the caravan to trade horses and was now back helping sell them. For the past few days, Qiu Laosan had provided food and lodging, but once the horses were sold, he’d need to find his own place. Last time he’d returned from the north, since Qiu Laosan was in Fenggu Town, he’d gone back with the caravan and rented a place there for a few months.

Seeing Luo Biao hesitate, as if unsure where to go, Shen Xuanqing smiled. "I’ve got a few rooms here. Since you’re not trading in winter, you can fetch water and chop firewood. When you’re free, help out at the shop. Consider it rent. How’s that?"

"Second Brother Shen…" Luo Biao was suddenly emotional, at a loss for words.

Shen Xuanqing chuckled. "Lu Gu has to take care of the child, do laundry, and cook at home. When the child cries, he can’t get anything done. Meanwhile, I’m stuck at the shop. Think of it as helping us out. We won’t need to buy firewood, if we run out, just take the mule cart back to our old place and chop some in the mountains. You’ll have to put in the effort then."

"We’re not strangers, so let’s skip the formalities. If you stay, I’ll have you handle trips back home to fetch rabbits. That way, I can keep the shop open here without closing and losing customers."

He wasn’t being foolish. Smiling, he added, "And don’t blame me for speaking plainly. You’ll stay here for a few months, with food and lodging covered at no cost. In a couple of years, once you’ve saved up, you can buy your own house and marry a wife."

Temporary shelter and long-term living arrangements had to be clarified. Otherwise, future troubles might arise.

"No, no," Luo Biao quickly replied. "How could I blame you? This is a tremendous favor for me. I couldn’t thank you enough."

They clinked cups again. After drinking, Shen Xuanqing gave Lu Gu a reassuring look.

Truthfully, he had his own motives. Having been in town for nearly a year with just him and Lu Gu, sometimes they were too busy. If Wei Lanxiang wanted to see Lingjun, she had to make the long trip. If Luo Biao stayed, he could take Lu Gu back home for a few days in winter while someone minded the butcher shop.

Luo Biao was a capable man—killing chickens, ducks, or rabbits would be no trouble for him.