Chapter 107 Part 18


107 18

Shen Xuanqing had trained in hunting. When setting traps and waiting for prey to take the bait, he had to hide in the woods or lie perfectly still on the ground. Needless to say, he had to concentrate and hold his breath. Sometimes the quarry he hunted had a very keen nose, so he would bathe to mask his scent or smear tree sap on his clothes and skin to confuse the noses of wild animals.

He had been practicing for more than three years, and his skills grew sharper with each passing day. If he truly didn’t want anyone to hear a sound, he could remain completely still, barely breathing. Huang Da couldn’t match the physical strength or eyesight of an ordinary farmer, let alone find him here.

Huang Da himself didn’t even turn his head when he woke. He simply cursed and vented his anger; others could see it in a glance.

The broken thatched hut leaked air from every seam, and the old tables, chairs, and benches were either cracked at the legs or wobbly. Shen Xuanqing sat on the only good, long bench. He was tall and hard to miss when he sat there. The sun behind him spilled through holes in the straw wall, casting his features in a hazy, unclear light.

Seeing that Huang Da finally looked over, he turned the short knife in his hand, crossed his legs, looked sideways, and asked coldly: “Who is calling whom?”

The knife blade flashed, catching a cold gleam. Huang Da was nearly scared to death, his legs trembling; he knew he was really frightened: “Grandpa, Grandpa, please spare my life, spare my life...”

Shen Xuanqing lowered his legs and reached for something on the table beside him. The four-legged table trembled as it shifted.

Huang Da saw clearly that he held a short knife and iron pliers in his hands. He gasped in fear, sat up with his hands on the broken bedboard, stood to run, but Shen Xuanqing closed the distance, kicked him down, pressed on his chest, and leaned forward.

“Spare my life, spare my life...” Huang Da was pressed against the chest, and the bright short knife was slapped against his face several times. The blade looked cold and sharp in the corner of his eye. Even if he had the strength to lift Shen Xuanqing’s legs, he wouldn’t dare.

The cold tip of the knife suddenly slipped into his mouth when he begged for mercy. His tongue had no time to dodge, and his mouth filled with the taste of iron and blood.

Huang Da writhed as if he were a chicken being strangled; a short gurgle escaped his throat, his mouth gaping wide and unwilling to close.

Shen Xuanqing had leaned forward a little, but when Huang Da opened his mouth, he leaned back. The stench was so foul it could make one vomit.

Taking advantage of Huang Da’s open mouth, he withdrew the short knife in his right hand and quickly clamped Huang Da’s tongue with the iron pliers in his left hand.

The taste of iron mixed with blood spread through his mouth. Huang Da whined twice. After his tongue was clamped tightly, his expression grew more and more frightened. His small eyes widened to the extreme, and Shen Xuanqing’s eyes were filled with cold light.

“The wind is strong, and the tongue slips easily, so it’s better to cut it.” His tone was no different from talking about daily life. As he spoke, the short knife came up again, and the blade cut Huang Da’s tongue.

“Woo.” Huang Da was so frightened that tears sprang from his eyes. He shook his head and tried to free his tongue from the iron pliers in his mouth. However, after realizing that the blade was scraping his tongue, he didn’t dare to move. No matter how cruel and unreasonable the local ruffian was, he wouldn’t slowly cut someone else’s tongue with a knife. Huang Da’s eyes were so wide they seemed ready to pop out.

There are many parallels between hunters and butchers. They are used to cutting meat and peeling hides. Shen Xuanqing cut off Huang Da’s tongue mercilessly. To him, Huang Da was simply prey to be slaughtered, utterly worthless.

The blade sliced into the soft flesh of the tongue, and blood mixed with disgusting saliva dripped down.

Suddenly Shen Xuanqing smelled a strong odor of urine. He frowned and released Huang Da’s tongue, taking a few steps back.

His tongue was no longer pulled by the iron pliers. Huang Da’s head struck the wooden board. Tears and snot streamed down his face, and his mouth was still bleeding. His tongue had been cut, his speech was slurred, but he kept pleading for mercy. If his leg hadn’t been broken and prevented him from turning over, he would have kowtowed eight hundred times to beg for mercy.

“I don’t dare anymore, I don’t dare anymore...”

Shen Xuanqing understood what he meant, and simply said, “There will be no next time.”

Huang Da nodded like a fool, his courage shattered by the experience. Not to mention Shen Xuanqing, he wouldn’t dare to run into Lu Gu in the future.

After Shen Xuanqing left the hut and was no longer in sight, Huang Da collapsed limply onto the wooden bed as if all his strength had drained away. His legs trembled and barely steadied. He wanted to wail and cry out his sins, but he couldn’t even speak clearly.