Chapter 88 Part 21


He had practiced calligraphy in the morning, and the yard was still covered with snow. After the meal, he sat in his room to keep warm and do some work. Lu Gu moved the kang table onto the bed, propped a long pillow behind him, and sat leaning against the head of the bed. He covered his legs with a thin quilt, but he still felt the chill, so he pulled the fox-fur quilt over his legs as well and tucked Tang pozi inside the quilt.

The fox-fur quilt wasn’t very large—narrow and long—but even if Shen Xuanqing sat on the other side of the kang table, they could both tuck their legs beneath it.

Lu Gu tied a carp double knot with red cord and red thread, also known as the goldfish knot. The ties and knots he made varied in size, shape, and color. Country people didn’t usually make this kind of ornament, but they were happy to wear sachets during the New Year.

“Sister-in-law and mother also make these. There are so many; can they be used up?” Shen Xuanqing hadn’t learned how to do this kind of work, and he sat by the side with his legs covered by the fox-fur quilt.

“Sister-in-law said there are too many things to hang on the branches for the New Year. The white snow, red knots, and colorful Laozi (络子) are so beautiful.” Lu Gu lifted his eyes and spoke seriously, then added, “Hang fewer on the persimmon tree outside, and hang more on the jujube tree in the yard; it will look nice.”

The small jujube tree had been dug from the third uncle’s house and planted in the yard this year. It might bear fruit next year once it grew, but it wouldn’t have as many as the big jujube tree.

“That’s right.” Shen Xuanqing nodded. He actually wanted to talk more and stop working—let Lu Gu talk to him or do something else. But Lu Gu didn’t understand his meaning; he thought Shen Xuanqing was also swept up in the excitement of this year’s New Year, happy and a little nervous, and he couldn’t bring himself to stop working.

Seeing how busy he was, Shen Xuanqing hesitated to speak. Finally he sighed softly, stretched out his hand to cover the little Tang pozi on the kang table, and inwardly added troubles for himself, frowning for a long time.

The window was cracked slightly to let in the cold air. Shen Xuanqing got out of the bed and closed the window; the door was also shut. When he returned, he saw that the goldfish knot in Lu Gu’s hand had been tied.

Shuang’er’s fair neck was much more delicate than a rough man’s, and Shen Xuanqing rubbed it, then lightly touched the earlobe again. In truth, Lu Gu didn’t feel uncomfortable when Shen Xuanqing rubbed his neck—he allowed it to happen a couple of times—but Shen Xuanqing’s palm was rough and warm. He didn’t know what he was thinking, but he didn’t stop.

At that moment, his earlobe was pinched, and his face flushed red. Before he could break free, Shen Xuanqing leaned in and kissed him. The fox-fur quilt was caressed by Shen Xuanqing’s hand; it felt rough but gave a strong sense of intimate security.

As soon as the five-bean festival was over, the Laba Festival would come in the blink of an eye. The Laba porridge was made by boiling yellow rice, white rice, walnut kernels, pine nuts, various beans, peanuts, jujubes, hazelnuts, and even chestnuts, in addition to the usual five beans, making a porridge richer than five-bean porridge.

It was sunny today. In the morning, Lu Gu and Shen Yan ground walnuts, peeled chestnuts and hazelnuts, though they didn’t throw away the remaining shells.

When Lu Gu came out of the kitchen, he saw Li Wanyun, dressed in a man’s clothes, come in with a bowl in her hand. When she saw him, she pursed her lips in a very faint smile and said, “Guzi, is Aunt Lanxiang at home?”

Wei Lanxiang poked her head out from the main room and replied, “I’m here.”

The day before yesterday, when Li Wanyun visited the third room’s house, she passed by Zhang’s house and saw Lao Zhang. She spoke a few words about it to Zhou Xiangjun and joked, but no one in the village knew what happened to Li Wanyun. Yet so long as the gray, death-like air around her was gone, that was a good thing. The neighbors, with nothing to do, would look forward to others’ misfortunes.

“Auntie, I want to exchange some jujubes with you to cook Laba porridge. There are only beans and peanuts at home, and I’d like to add some jujubes.”

Li Wanyun smiled a little shyly, but as long as a person kept a decent appearance, even if she looked ordinary, everyone was happy to see her.

Wei Lanxiang noticed there were two eggs in her bowl, so she not only gave her jujubes, but also a handful of walnut kernels and chestnuts. Their family got them from the mountains without spending any money, and Li Wanyun was kind enough to swap them for eggs. Eggs weren’t laid very much in winter, so they were as precious as gold; she should have received a little more in return.

“Auntie, I’m going back first.” Li Wanyun took the bowl, said something to Wei Lanxiang, and left.

Because Li Wanyun’s family had a funeral, and she didn’t care much for Lao Zhang, Wei Lanxiang didn’t visit her house often; only now did she realize that Li Wanyun wore clothes that looked like the winter clothes Zhang Zhengzi had worn before. If not for her own husband’s clothes, whose clothes could she wear?

“It’s Zhengzi’s clothes. Finally she’s wearing her husband’s clothes; otherwise she would never have worn such thin clothing.” Wei Lanxiang and Lu Gu sighed.

For country people, food and clothing were the basics, and women wearing their men’s leftover clothes wouldn’t invite gossip. Besides, it was winter, and Li Wanyun was pitiful.