Chapter 40


Since buying the chickens and ducks, Lu Gu had listened to their chirping every day. It was much better than being alone, but now there was another pup, and it was livelier than usual. The pup’s voice wasn’t small; it would bark a few times when playing by itself.

Last night, the pup slept with Dahui in the main room, afraid it would be too cold to sleep on the ground. So Lu Gu packed hay and rice straw into a sack, stuffed it full, and the sack was big enough for Dahui to lie down together, away from the bitch, but it slept next to the big dog, keeping company, and the pup didn’t bark much at night. Now that it was colder than before, Lu Gu also put sacks on the two small dogs so they could huddle together at night, no need to sleep on the ground again.

Shen Xuanqing took Dahui and the two dogs out. The sun was out, so it was time to let the chickens and ducks out to graze and swim. When he went to the backyard, he saw the chickens and ducks had come out of their grass nests and were wandering around, digging at the ground. As soon as the fence gate opened, the puppy followed Lu Gu in. When it saw the fluffy chickens, it ran over and tried to bite, which caused the chickens to flee in a panic, flapping their wings and squawking, and the yard became chaotic. Lu Gu quickly grabbed the pup, by the back of its neck, and carried it away so it wouldn’t bite the chickens or ducks.

Because he wanted to drive the chickens and ducks out, Lu Gu could only lock the pup in the main room and close the door, but the pup kept barking as soon as he was away from people. The more it barked, the more panicked it became, and the voice was not quiet. If he heard this during the night, it would be quite scary in the silent mountain forest.

Lu Gu couldn’t lock it in the main room anymore, so he carried a small bamboo basket in front of him and placed the pup inside. The pup could see people when it looked up, and the barking immediately quieted. Lu Gu touched it again, and there was nothing wrong with it. After a while, it stopped barking, tried to scratch in the bamboo basket with its paws, and wanted to bite a little.

The chickens were the first to be driven outside the fence, and they were full after a day of eating. Lu Gu returned to the stone mortar and brought out a basket of dried peppercorns and a long bamboo pole. The ducks followed him, lining up behind him as if he were the mother duck, and went out. He drove the ducks into the water; they swam a few times, as if that was in their blood, so there was no need for him to drive them in. He placed the stone mortar and the bamboo basket on the ground, then unloaded the bamboo basket that carried the puppies on his back. He moved two stones to sit on one, and the other for the mortar, and began pounding peppercorns by the pond, glancing up at the ducks in the pond from time to time. If they swam to the other side of the river, he would pick up the long bamboo pole on the ground and strike the water’s surface; the water splashed and the ducks were scared back.

The pup’s fur was thin, but it was still pretty good. It played beside Lu Gu and didn’t go far. At first, it wanted to go to the stone mortar to sniff it, but Lu Gu gently pushed it away with his foot. He himself covered his mouth and nose with a cloth towel. It approached the basket full of peppercorns to smell it, and its wet little nose wrinkled; it didn’t come any closer.

Later, the smell of pounding peppercorns faded, and it didn’t go in front of Lu Gu, instead biting the hem of his clothes behind him, imitating a big dog’s threatening whine in its throat, but it was so small that it couldn’t scare children.

Lu Gu was busy with work; as long as he could hear movement behind him, he knew it hadn’t run far. Besides, the numbing smell of peppercorn clung to his hands, so he couldn’t play with the puppy, and so he let it go first.

When it was almost noon, he looked at the sky and felt hungry, so he went to the river to wash his hands. The pup followed him at his feet, its little head rubbing against his leg, which made Lu Gu smile a little.

Life was busy and fulfilling, but seeing the pile of mountain goods and prey in the yard, no matter how tired he was, he was happy. The mountains and forests were far away, and the valleys were deep. A few dog barks echoed. Lu Gu bent down to search for purple bellies and green snails in the mountain stream. It had rained yesterday, and the stream was bigger than before, rushing along.

Today Shen Xuanqing came with him, followed by two small dogs, and locked the door to let Dahui watch the puppy in the yard. They rolled up their trousers and walked barefoot in the stream. Lu Gu went out this time with an extra sack, caught a purple belly, and threw it in, while the bamboo basket on his back filled with green snails, so they could be separated easily.

The mountain stream was colder than before; with autumn, the stream sank deeper, but the green snails grew fatter, and they would mature and hide in late autumn, never to be found again.

“If it’s cold, go up and rest first,” Shen Xuanqing said, grabbing a handful of purple bellies and wading over to the water, tossing the small purple bellies into the almost half-full sack. Now that he had come over, Lu Gu also threw the green snails he found into the bamboo basket on his back; the two of them worked together as one.

“It’s not cold yet,” Lu Gu replied with a shake of the head; he had just gone up to rest for a while, and it really wasn’t very cold right now.

Hearing this, Shen Xuanqing said, “That’s fine if you pick it up again; it will be colder the day after tomorrow. This much is enough to eat for a long time, and you don’t need to look for any more.”

Lu Gu nodded and agreed.

The two went into the water when the sun was bright, and it was already past noon. This mountain stream was brought by Shen Xuanqing to Lu Gu; it wasn’t the place they went last time, and it was farther away, but there were plenty of green snails and purple-bellied crabs.

After they reached the shore, Lu Gu sat on a stone and ran his hands through the water on his calves; his legs were a little blue from the cold. Even though the sun was shining, he subconsciously covered them with his palms and rubbed them to keep them warm. Shen Xuanqing, sitting next to him and drying his own legs, hesitated for a moment, then stretched out an arm and moved his legs over. Lu Gu was still startled, and his foot landed on Shen Xuanqing’s thigh. A quiet moment passed as they remained close, the warmth between them lingering. A gentle warmth spread in Lu Gu’s chest, a feeling the ger in him recognized.