Chapter 87 Part 14

Part 14

In the afternoon, Li Wanyun brewed the medicine and carried it to Lao Zhang's room. Before she could rise, she had to kneel to pay her respects, then she handed over the medicine.

Unexpectedly, the medicine was a bit hot; Lao Zhang didn’t pay attention as she drank, and the first sip burned her mouth. She picked up her crutches and struck Li Wanyun with them. Li Wanyun did not dare resist and endured in silence, but fortunately Lao Zhang’s strength was weak from her injuries and she could not yell and scold as vigorously as before.

The cold wind howled, and the night grew colder. Li Wanyun slept on the ground with a thin mattress and a thin quilt. She didn’t dare take off her clothes, and she wrapped herself up and slept.

It was inconvenient for Lao Zhang to go to the latrine at night, so she had Li Wanyun sleep in her room, but Li Wanyun was not allowed to sleep on the small plank bed.

In the dark, Lao Zhang’s snoring continued. Li Wanyun couldn’t sleep with her eyes open; she was hungry. She could still eat enough when she first came to the Zhang family, but gradually she couldn’t even eat. Hungry and cold, it made her feel even colder, and she grew dizzy for a while. Her thoughts wandered, and the silver bracelet on Lu Gu’s wrist appeared before her eyes again.

She and Zhang Zhengzi had married earlier than Shen Xuanqing. Their houses were so close, and the matter of Shen Xuanqing’s second room was clear to her. Of course she knew how Lu Gu ended up here. After he had suffered all kinds of bullying at Lu’s house, he arrived at Shen’s house and his luck changed. He was well fed and clothed, not beaten, and even had jewelry. Lu Gu was lucky and had met good people.

She used to think this way too, but tonight, for some reason, that idea grew stronger and stronger. Others had their own blessings; only her fate was not good.

Her hunger deepened, yet she did not notice. She curled up in the thin quilt and opened her eyes numbly. Her vision went black for a moment; she felt dizzy and terrified when she looked into the darkness. It seemed there was a great black mouth in the dark, trying to swallow her in one gulp.

Suddenly, Lao Zhang on the bed woke from her dream. She coughed and shouted, “The chamber pot!” Li Wanyun was awakened, and when she stood, she staggered. She retrieved the chamber pot from under the bed, steadied herself, and helped Lao Zhang to sit up to urinate.

The smell of fishy urine filled the air, and Li Wanyun’s eyes began to dull, as if she hadn’t smelled it before. After urinating, Lao Zhang spat and said, “Pour it out.”

The purpose of keeping a chamber pot in winter was to avoid going out. Most people poured it out early the next morning. Lao Zhang was not particular about cleanliness, but she deliberately tormenting Li Wanyun. Her son and Li Wanyun hadn’t even been married for two years before he died, so she poured out all her resentment and hatred on Li Wanyun, convinced that Li Wanyun had killed Zhang Zhengzi.

Li Wanyun went out to pour the chamber pot; the cold wind blew, and she shivered several times. There was no moon in the sky, and even the stars were few and far between. Snowflakes floated up and were blown onto her eyelids by the wind, quickly turning into drops of cold water that flowed down. She blinked subconsciously, realizing she had stood outside for a long time.

The cold wind pierced outside; every time Lao Zhang moved in the room, she felt a heavy weight on her heart, invisible and intangible, and it squeezed her breath.

In the midst of the dilemma, the snowflakes grew bigger, blown wildly by the wind, and rushed toward her face. Snow fell on the top of her head and shoulders, so cold that Li Wanyun seemed to have no heat in her chest. Her feet seemed rooted, and she did not move. If she turned around, she would go back to the hell on earth, where the man-eating evil spirit would swallow her up.

It would be better, perhaps, to die outside in the snow.

There was no vitality in her eyes; the three immortal souls and seven mortal forms seemed to be leaving her body, and she turned around, floating toward the sky, getting higher and lighter, without any restraint. The small body left the world and fell to the ground, and no one would know it.

Hunger and cold were the deadliest enemies. Yet the young often possess more internal heat than the old.

The whistling of wind and snow grew louder, and the people sleeping in the bed heard it in a daze, each one wrapping his body with the quilt more tightly.

Li Wanyun opened her eyes. Her whole body was cold and stiff. It took her a long time to sit up on the ground, and many snowflakes fell from her body. She looked at the vast wind and snow, and there seemed to be a fire in her throat about to flare up, but she couldn’t even make a sound with her mouth.

When she regained her senses, she found a foreign object in her pants. After she had lost consciousness, she had become incontinent. She thought it was dirty and foul, like the dead dog carcass she had seen in the ravine—rotten and disgusting, covered with dirty flies and maggots.

Her heart seemed to be squeezed hard; it was painful. Tears formed into icicles on her face. No matter how she had behaved as a child, no one had ever told her she was dirty. No matter how hard she had been beaten, she would always tidy her hair and clothes. She had never suffered such a filthy crime as this.

Li Wanyun stood up, ignoring the filth all over her body, and staggered back into the room.

Lao Zhang had fallen into a deep sleep, not hearing the door open and close, and not noticing Li Wanyun standing beside the bed in a daze, her face pale and eyes red, looking like a ghost in the night.

The night wind blew; Lao Zhang was wrapped tightly in a thick quilt. Li Wanyun stood beside the bed, looked at her raised hand, and, through the dim light, suddenly grabbed the quilt covering Lao Zhang’s body, pulled it tightly over Lao Zhang’s face, and pressed down with both hands.

She had died once, and this time she returned to the world with evil spirits.

Under the quilt, Lao Zhang kept making muffled sounds, and even the broken leg kept kicking.