Chapter 63


The night passed with little to say, and the next day was cloudy—the sun peeked out from behind the clouds from time to time, so he knew it wouldn’t rain. Lu Gu strapped a bamboo basket to his back, took a small hoe, and went up the mountain with Shen Yan and Ji Qiuyue to search for Tianwogen. Shen Yaoqing followed them, a hemp rope slung over his shoulder and a hatchet at his waist; he planned to gather firewood to sell in town and, in the meantime, look for suitable trees on the mountain and perhaps find someone to work with to cut wood for the winter.

When he felt tired after a few days of now-and-then hard labor as a coolie at the wharf, he would rest at home for half a day. He didn’t have to work so hard as when he still owed debts; he was busy, and sometimes he couldn’t take time off. He either gathered firewood or fished, and he would earn ten or twenty copper coins at least, so it was income. Firewood and fish sold easily, so he wouldn’t need to buy food in town. The country folk spent very little money on food and drink when they went home; they grew it themselves or obtained it from the mountains and rivers.

Nowadays, there were no natural or man-made disasters to disturb peace and prosperity. So long as ordinary people worked hard, there would be enough to eat.

“Be careful.” When they found a clump of Tianwogen, Shen Yaoqing gave a few words of advice and then went to collect firewood in the forest alone. “Okay, you can go,” Ji Qiuyue replied. Dahui, the puppy, sniffed around, and the dogs followed him.

Lu Gu ignored them for the moment since they hadn’t gone far; there were plenty of Tianwogen here. It wouldn’t be good for the two of them to swing the hoe together—they might bump into each other and get hurt. Ji Qiuyue looked for Tianwogen elsewhere and she really found a small clump. There weren’t many there, so they began to work.

“It’s hard to find on the front mountain. If you want more later, you’d better go deeper,” Shen Yan said, squatting on the ground, taking a big Tianwogen in his hand, and knocking it against the ground, rubbing the wet soil from it. He knocked it loose, wiped off most of the soil with his hands, and threw it into the bamboo basket.

“I found quite a few in the mountains, but they’re too heavy. Erqing couldn’t pull them down, so I didn’t dig any more after that.” Lu Gu also knelt down to pick Tianwogen.

Shen Yan said, “Brother Guzi, you don’t have to go so far—just go a little deeper. When the weather turns cold and there are few jobs at the wharf, my sister-in-law and I will have Brother Daqing go along with us; otherwise the deep forest is too scary, and with the second elder brother following, we don’t need to worry.”

That was the case, and Lu Gu nodded. Tianwogen grew in the ground; it’s a wild vegetable that could survive the winter. If he and Shen Xuanqing didn’t go up the mountain anymore, as long as the weather was good—without rain even when it snowed—you could go into the mountains to dig.

“Woof!” The puppy suddenly barked. Lu Gu looked over instinctively, and Dahui was quickly digging a hole in the ground. He had seen this scene before—this was to catch voles. Sure enough, after the hole was dug, a fat vole was caught, and after a few struggles, the vole’s neck was bitten by Dahui.

Dahui had been raised by Shen’s family for almost two years, and Shen Yan and Ji Qiuyue naturally knew that he could catch voles, and could even tell the difference between mice and voles. If he caught a mouse at home, he would kill it, but wouldn’t eat it. If he was diligent, he would take it out and throw it away. If it was a vole, he would have someone bake and cook it.

When Ji Qiuyue drew closer, Dahui approached her with the big vole in his mouth. She picked a big tree leaf and laid it on the ground. She pointed at the leaf and said, “Go back and cook it for yourself. Put it on this first.” When Dahui saw her finger pointing at the leaf, he lowered his head, released the vole from his mouth, and placed it on it.

“It’s really clever,” Ji Qiuyue said with a smile. She was quite afraid of things like mice and voles, so it was better to wrap them in leaves. If you met Daqing later, have him peel the skin; otherwise it would not be easy to roast even the skin and fur. The puppy barked at the dead vole for a while, then, seeing the vole hadn’t moved, sniffed it and wandered off to play. He ran to Lu Gu’s side and then darted away again. He was very lively, but he hadn’t learned Dahui’s skill in catching voles.

Shen Xuanqing and Lu Gu said that the puppy was smart, but still a little playful, lazy, and unwilling to learn skills, and he would have to be taught well later. Lu Gu had never raised a dog before, so he didn’t know dogs could be so human-like. The four dogs in the family had different temperaments, which he found very interesting.

The three of them came back with two bamboo baskets; they had dug up about twenty Tianwogen in total, but they couldn’t find more after searching for a while. It would be okay to catch fish and chickens; she didn’t want to skin this thing, and she pondered that for a long time. In the past, Shen Yaoqing would have gathered the firewood, so she called to Dahui, “Go to Daqing.” After hearing this, Dahui pricked up his ears and turned toward the woods. The puppy followed him and ran off wildly. Lu Gu originally wanted to call out to him, but he saw that the dog had grown up a lot, so he kept quiet.