Chapter 97 Part 16


Shen Xuanqing didn’t think much about it. It was better to have moist skin than dry and cracked skin, for that hurt less. And Lu Gu was so delicate. Spring wind was still chilly, summer winds hot, autumn winds bleak, winter winds sharp. Wind, frost, rain, and snow visited through all four seasons. The more he thought about it, the more uneasy he grew.

“Fold it for me.”

Lu Gu’s gentle words brought him back to himself.

As he lay on the bed, Shen Xuanqing’s thoughts spiraled, and when he rolled over, he pressed Lu Gu beneath him again. He opened his mouth slightly, wanting to tell Lu Gu that the wind and rain outside were unpredictable, that staying here with him was the right choice. More, out there were wild men he had never seen.

But in a blink, thinking more would be ridiculous, so he lowered his head and kissed Lu Gu.

Lu Gu thought of what had happened two days ago and his body trembled a little. He figured Shen Xuanqing still wanted more, but the bedsheets and quilt had just dried tonight. So after a kiss on the corner of his lips, he whispered, “The sheets and quilt can no longer be washed.”

Shen Xuanqing laughed. He just wanted to kiss Lu Gu and nothing more, so he said, “Just a few kisses.”

Hearing this, Lu Gu relaxed outwardly, though a shadow of joy hid in his eyes. Besides the touch, he also cherished Shen Xuanqing’s kisses in his heart.

Light kisses drifted across the cheeks and the side of the neck, warm breath brushing his ear, and then Shen Xuanqing’s low, smiling voice came.

“Sew a thicker cloth for the bedsheet these days. If you don’t have one at home, I’ll take you to town to buy it. You won’t have to rush to wash the bedsheets in the future, and you can also sew a quilt. If it gets dirty, I’ll remove it for you.”

Lu Gu realized what he meant by asking to sew another bedsheet and quilt, and as shame rose, he also realized that Shen Xuanqing still wanted to do something so extravagant.

Usually, after they made love, they only needed to wipe their legs and bodies, not leave a mess everywhere like last time. But he couldn’t bring himself to refuse, because his lips and tongue were bound.

All the bustle of the first month seemed to flash by in an instant. New shoots pushed up from stubborn wild greens and weeds, and mottled green spotted the yellowed, withered ground. Patches here and there spread across the field.

After lunch, Lu Gu and Shen Xuanqing went to inspect the five acres of fields they had bought. When the snow had melted earlier, the ground had been muddy, and the meltwater in the winter wheat field was the wheat’s drink. Fortunately, the meltwater and the muddy roads had dried today, so the mud wouldn’t cling to their soles and their shoes wouldn’t get dirty.

These five acres were good land. The wheat seedlings were bright green and began to grow with springtime.

Food was the lifeblood of farmers. Since the greens had sprung, some people herded their sheep and cattle. Most folks came to the field a few times a day, and if by any chance a cattle rope loosened and they wandered to nibble the wheat seedlings, they would be driven away in time or the owner would be asked to account.

“Shepherd’s purse.” Lu Gu spotted the wild greens along the field’s edge, crouched, and poked at them. He’d eaten cabbage, radish, and dried wild vegetables all winter. These bright green greens were the rarest since spring came.

There weren’t many shepherd’s purses, so he pulled one out, shook soil from the root, then looked elsewhere, hoping to find more. Wei Lanxiang had picked some on the hillside that morning, and if he could bring some back, they could fry a big pot of shepherd’s purse.

Shen Xuanqing spotted shepherd’s purse in another spot, bent down, pulled it out, and said, “Go down the mountain and try to find Chinese toon, then come back to scramble it with eggs to eat.”

“Okay.” Lu Gu agreed, and continued to search, soon finding another shepherd’s purse.

They walked on, stopping whenever they found wild greens to dig. They collected a good deal and headed home. They returned with a bamboo basket and a long bamboo pole with a hook, and they informed Wei Lanxiang of their plans.

Aunt Miao and Quanzi’s mother were chatting outside the door when they saw them carrying the bamboo pole. They asked, “Guzi, going to hook the Chinese toon?”

“Yes.” Lu Gu nodded. “Aunties, I’ll go first.”

“Good, go quickly,” Aunt Miao urged.

While they spoke, Li Wanyun came out in the doorway, still in Zhang Zhengzi’s padded coat. When she saw Lu Gu, she smiled but said nothing more.

Lu Gu returned the smile faintly, then followed Shen Xuanqing up the mountain. He mused that since the first time he had seen Li Wanyun in a man’s coat, she’d smiled more and would come out to chat with the neighbors. Old Lao Zhang hadn’t scolded her anymore; he thought this would be very good, and that at last she wouldn’t have to live as she had before.