Chapter 79


Lu Gu glanced at Shen Yaoqing and Wei Lanxiang, and from their expressions he knew the family didn’t want anything to do with the Zhang family. So he didn’t dare tell his family about the steamed buns for a while; at most, he would tell Shen Xuanqing when he came back. As for the two steamed buns, he secretly gave them to Xiao Zhang, so long as the Zhang family didn’t find out. With only two steamed buns, Shen Xuanqing probably wouldn’t scold him. Even so, Lu Gu was still a little apprehensive.

Everyone in the village cleared the snow in front of their gates, but the mountain roads were not cleaned up. He deliberately went around behind the house and walked up the mountain, afraid of being seen by the villagers. While walking, he couldn’t help thinking: the snow was so thick, but Xiao Zhang had been beaten and ran so fast; she must be terrified.

The puppy came out with him, and his limbs sank into the snow. He wanted to let the puppy go back, but when he looked ahead and saw the white snow on the mountain, he was a little afraid to go to Xiao Zhang alone, so he called out Guaizi and had him follow.

It was convenient to find people in the snow, as long as you could see the traces Xiao Zhang had stepped on. Lu Gu climbed up the gentle slope. The forest was too quiet, which made him a little scared, but he glanced at the puppy beside his leg and moved forward vigorously, trying to find the path that Xiao Zhang had walked. He hadn’t taken a few steps when the puppy suddenly barked at a few trees nearby. The tracks in the snow over there were originally going upward, but he found that there was someone behind those trees—who else could it be but Xiao Zhang? She probably had run up and then turned back. He hid behind the trees and didn’t dare to go downhill.

He had often lived in the deep mountains with Shen Xuanqing, and didn’t have much contact with the villagers. When he saw Xiao Zhang, he recalled how Wei Lanxiang had called her, and then he said cautiously, “Wanyun, it’s me, Guzi, not someone else.”

There was snow under his feet, but fortunately Lu Gu wore cotton shoes, so it wasn’t too cold. He took out the two steamed buns from under his arm and said in a low voice, “I’ll give you two steamed buns. Not hot, but soft.”

Li Wanyun slowly poked her head out from behind the tree; the first thing she looked at wasn’t Lu Gu, but what was behind him, and she wiped the tears from her face when she saw that Zhang Zhengzi was nowhere to be seen. It was very cold; she wore thin clothes and wasn’t warm enough. The tears on her eyelashes had turned to hoarfrost, her hair was a mess from the beating, and her face was stained with tears and blood.

Shen Xuanqing and Zhang Zhengzi were the same age and generation, so even if Zhang Zhengzi got married first, Lu Gu didn’t need to call Li Wanyun sister-in-law or anything.

“Woof!” The puppy barked, causing Li Wanyun to shrink back in fright. Lu Gu hurriedly imitated Shen Xuanqing and stopped the puppy.

The dogs also understood words and expressions. When facing Zhang Zhengzi, the puppy kept biting, but when he faced Li Wanyun now, sensing her vulnerability, he stopped barking.

Lu Gu waited at the same spot for a while before Li Wanyun came out. Li Wanyun took the two steamed buns from his hand and devoured them quickly. After being choked, she didn’t care about anything else; she grabbed a handful of snow and stuffed it into her mouth.

“Don’t tell people that I gave you steamed buns, or…” Lu Gu frowned and whispered, “Otherwise, I might suffer too.”

Li Wanyun’s mouth was full of food; she nodded desperately when she heard the words, her eyes not sure whether she was choking or something, and she shed tears.

Lu Gu didn’t dare to stay longer in the mountain for fear of being seen by others. He couldn’t hold back and said as he was about to leave, “Then do you want to go back? It’s too cold on the mountain.”

Hearing Lu Gu’s words, her face was full of sorrow, so what could she do when she went back—if things didn’t go his way, he would beat her again.

Li Wanyun ate very quickly; she swallowed the last gulp and said in a hoarse voice, “I don’t know. If he doesn’t calm down, I will get beaten again when I go back.”

Who wouldn’t want to live? Why starve to death and freeze to death in the mountains? She had run away and went up the mountain. She saw that Zhang Zhengzi didn’t chase her because he didn’t want to freeze to death on the mountain. Zhang Zhengzi often beat her, knowing that she was timid and afraid of death, so he went back without looking for her.

But even if she went back now, Zhang Zhengzi and Lao Zhang’s temperaments were not good, and if they wanted to beat and scold her, what should she do?

It wasn’t that she hadn’t returned to her natal home after being beaten, but every time Zhang Zhengzi came to fetch her, her parents said that since she was married, they couldn’t care about her anymore. At most, they would only scold Zhang Zhengzi. When she was beaten back to her natal home for the first time, her natal family beat Zhang Zhengzi, but in the end it was still useless.

Every time he was at her mother’s house, Zhang Zhengzi looked like a decent man. He apologized with a smile on his face and said that he didn’t dare to do it anymore. But when they came back to his home to live in peace for a few days, once his mother had a fit, he would beat her again. So many times that even her parents grew tired, and she gradually resigned herself to her fate.

Aunt Miao once wanted to help her, but she was bullied and abused by Lao Zhang.

Seeing Lu Gu now, Li Wanyun didn’t dare ask him to take her in. Besides, Lu Gu was a new fulang and he couldn’t speak in the Shen family.

If he just left like this, leaving Xiao Zhang alone in the mountain, Lu Gu felt uneasy. He was stupid and couldn’t think of a good way, so he gritted his teeth and said, “Why don’t you hide behind the house? Don’t stay on the mountain. I will come back at noon and bring you some food.”

Li Wanyun looked at him, wiped away her tears, and nodded, “Okay. I think I will go back at night when they have calmed down. It’s quiet at night, and they won’t hit me. I’m afraid the villagers will hear their joke.”

After it was decided, Lu Gu would take the puppy down the mountain first, and Xiao Zhang waited until she couldn’t see him before carefully going back to the village.

Lu Gu was also very cautious when he came back. When the Shen family built the house, there was no back door to guard against thieves, so he could only walk around to the front yard from the back of the house. As soon as he came out, he ran straight into Shen Xuanqing, and he was so frightened that he stopped in his tracks, his eyes widening.

Shen Xuanqing, who was carrying a basket, came back from buying tofu. He never expected to see Lu Gu coming back from the back of the house before entering the door. He asked, “What are you doing behind the house?”

“I, I…” Lu Gu was not good at lying; he hesitated and didn’t speak for a long time.

Shen Xuanqing frowned slightly, not knowing what happened to him, but seeing that he wasn’t dirty or injured, he asked again, “Can’t you tell me what happened?”