Chapter 57


The spicy stir-fried rabbit meat was delicious and hot, with the spice just right, a real pleasure to eat. Lu Gu couldn’t eat spicy food very much; he only took a few pieces of rabbit, mostly greens. It looked a bit bland, with only salt in the frying, but it was good with a little oil. It was much tastier than boiling it in water.

Seeing that he ate less meat, Shen Xuanqing wanted to give him a few more pieces, but Lu Gu had just taken a bite and was so hot that he grabbed the rice and stuffed it into his mouth. He smiled and didn’t push more meat toward him, thinking that he should avoid making such spicy dishes in the future.

While Lu Gu was cooking, he also lit the medicine stove, cooked the remaining half of the rabbit meat in a clay pot, and gave it to Dahui and the puppy, so that the puppy wouldn’t keep pawing and barking while they were eating. If they wanted to eat, the big dog would come over. Even if they didn’t paw at them, they would squat down and watch all the time. If they were too greedy, they would drool. “Why don’t you give them something to eat, so that they can stay by the side and be quieter?”

Not long after dinner, Lu Gu cleaned up the kitchen and came out with a sewing basket, intending to sit in the main room and embroider some handkerchiefs.

The sky changed in the blink of an eye, a strong wind blew outside, the sky grew dark, and dark clouds rolled and gathered, turning gloomy.

The gate of the courtyard was not closed, and you could see that the woods outside had been blown so that a lot of leaves had fallen, swirling in the air with the strong wind. The courtyard sat on a high place. Through a gap in the trees, the tops of tall mountains in the distance could be seen bending and swaying with the wind, showing that the wind was very strong.

Lu Gu immediately put down his needle and thread and hurried to the backyard to drive the chickens and ducks to the woodshed to shelter them from the wind and rain. All the things that should be collected in the yard were gathered, and Shen Xuanqing saw at once that the sky had changed suddenly, so he removed the mud bricks blocking the drains of the yard wall, which were usually tightly blocked to prevent snakes and insects from crawling in.

Raindrops splashed on the ground, the sky was dark, and it had been gloomy since last night; it was estimated that the rain would fall for a while. Lu Gu laid down the greens for the chickens and ducks, and when he came out of the woodshed, he saw Shen Xuanqing at the gate of the courtyard.

In an instant, the rain grew heavy, and Lu Gu and Shen Xuanqing ran back to the main room, both of them drenched, with damp patches on their clothes. It didn’t matter; as long as they could dry off later, it would be fine. The wind was howling and the rain was heavy, and the rain kept drifting inward. Soon there was a pool of water on the ground in front of the main room. They had to close all the doors and windows, otherwise everything in the room would get wet.

The weather was already bad, and once the door of the main room was closed, the light became dimmer, making it hard to work any more. Before, they would work all day long, but now it was better to rest and recuperate, so Lu Gu and Shen Xuanqing went into the room and lay down.

The windows were solid wood, with only narrow gaps letting a little light through. The rain outside roared loudly, and the wind howled, sounding like a wild animal. Feeling cold and wet as he lay there, Shen Xuanqing pulled the quilt aside. The door of the room was ajar, and there was the sound of a puppy playing in the main room, whining, probably fighting with the big dog.

“Last time I made a lot of money, we will buy more cotton later, and make thick winter clothes for the family, and wear new cotton jackets to keep warm in the winter.” Shen Xuanqing couldn’t resist turning over and pulling Lu Gu into his arms.

The bed gradually warmed up, and Lu Gu didn’t move away when he was held, whispering a soft “hmm” in Shen Xuanqing’s embrace. Now that he had such a good chance to be with his ger, Shen Xuanqing wanted to talk with his lover for a while, and Lu Gu, so obedient in his arms, wore a constant smile on his face, replying in a slightly lowered voice: “We’ll save a few pieces of rabbit fur; we can make you a pair of shoes so you won’t freeze your feet in winter, and you can wear them with cotton shoes.”

The winter was the hardest season for rural people. Just as rations were essential, clothing to keep out the cold was equally important, or frostbite would come.

“It will be colder after the rains. I’ll chop more firewood in two days, so we can boil water for washing vegetables and dishes,” Shen Xuanqing said, hugging the person in his arms even tighter. He was a rough man who could endure washing in cold water, but Lu Gu’s skin was tender, and his fingers turned red and swollen after washing in cold water. How could he bear such suffering? A person should have hot water for the winter.

Hearing this, Lu Gu felt indescribable happiness and ease. Shen Xuanqing treated him well and allowed him to wear warm clothes in winter without freezing. He also planned to dig up more wild vegetables so that his family would have plenty to eat during the winter. He frowned slightly, then smiled softly.

Shen Xuanqing, who was holding him, didn’t see it, but he could smell the softness and warmth of his ger’s body and recall the lingering joy that differed from the night before. He couldn’t help but kiss Lu Gu’s cheek, then his lips and neck lightly.

Lu Gu, secretly happy, froze for a moment after being kissed, and his lower lip was gently bitten, which was extremely charming. Even if he bit his teeth again, he didn’t stop the deep kiss from continuing. Shen Xuanqing had previously only known how to kiss the outer corner of his lips, but after reading the annotations in the picture books, he now knew how to kiss more deeply.

Lu Gu felt a little dizzy from the kiss, until the puppy cried outside, probably beaten by the big dog, its whimper sounding very pitiful. He woke as if from a dream, remembered the door was open, and shuddered with fear. He reached out to push Shen Xuanqing away.