Chapter 112 Part 6


The mustard greens hadn’t been tended after they came down from the mountain last year. They rotted over the winter; they hadn’t pulled them out when the ground was plowed, and the rotten leaves and roots could be used as fertilizer.

There were no more chickens or ducks in the backyard. Luffa vines and winter melons were planted in the back. Shen Xuanqing had set up the luffa trellis, just waiting for the fruit to come.

Anyone who was used to farming knew how to take care of a vegetable garden. Shen Xuanqing had to go hunting every day and came back exhausted, so there was little time to tidy up.

Thinking of the black-hoofed sheep tied in the corner of the yard, Lu Gu called the puppy, picked up a bamboo basket, and went out to mow the grass. When he went out, Dabai whined twice behind him, stood up with a limp, and seemed to want to follow. Lu Gu, unconsciously, said: “You have to stay and recuperate.”

Dabai whimpered a few times. After Lu Gu left, he stood there and watched for a while before lying down on the sack.

Lu Gu didn’t have to go far to mow the grass; he came back not long after. When he saw Dabai standing up with his tail wagging, he felt that Shen Xuanqing had been right to tie him up. Otherwise, the injury on his leg wouldn’t heal easily if he moved around so much.

Of course, the dog didn’t understand this. It was useless to argue with Dabai. He could only let him pace in place and wag his tail.

The black-hoofed sheep in the backyard stood up warily after he passed by. Its pair of long horns looked very strong. Lu Gu didn’t dare approach and just threw the grass near it.

Sheep could attack people with their horns—especially the ram. They were quite strong. He wasn’t stupid; he only needed to feed them grass, so there was no need to get close.

However, the puppy was not afraid and barked at the black-hoofed sheep. When he got a little closer, the black-hoofed sheep lowered its head and motioned as if it were going to attack. The puppy was smart; he wasn’t tied up, so he wouldn’t be knocked down. He pretended as if he were going to bite to scare the sheep. He was really naughty.

Lu Gu initially thought the puppy would really bite the sheep. He worried the sheep would attack the puppy and also feared that it would bite the sheep. Because Shen Xuanqing had said that if he could catch an ewe, the ram would be left behind, letting the two of them sire lambs, but when he found that the puppy was just playing to scare the sheep, he left them alone.

Shen Xuanqing had set a net in the river the day before yesterday. He was afraid the puppy would scare the sheep away from eating grass, so he patted the puppy’s butt to signal him to stop messing around, then he picked up the fish basket and walked ahead.

Guaizi was smart and often followed him, so he naturally knew what he meant and followed right behind him.

The river was flowing; Lu Gu came over with a bamboo basket to collect the fish in the net. The sun wasn’t hot at the moment, so the river felt a little chilly. He dragged the net ashore. The fish in the net were flapping their tails, and the river shrimps were also jumping.

The puppy was very energetic. He was used to seeing fish and shrimps and didn’t bark at the fishing net. The fish and shrimps jumped around, splashinging water. The puppy stepped back a few paces to shake off the water, then came back and tried to bite the fish’s tail.

“Go.” Lu Gu spoke softly, to stop him from biting.

There were few people in the deep mountains. The old hunter had chosen a good place to build a house. The area was flat and open, and even the river was gentle. There were more fish because not many people fished there. There had been quite a few fish caught in the past two days.

The spring fish and fat river shrimp were fairly large. There were eight fish, big and small, and more than twenty river shrimps. They couldn’t fit in the bamboo basket he brought, so he didn’t take them out of the net and carried them back together with the net.

There were a few places in the net that needed mending. Besides, this fish and shrimp would be enough for the two of them to eat for several days. There was no need to set the net for the next two days.

After returning, Lu Gu separated the fish and shrimps into two old wooden basins. He left them there for the moment, planned to clean them up in the afternoon, and cook them for dinner.

The dirty clothes Shen Xuanqing had taken off last night needed washing. He changed into new clothes this morning. It was still early, and the sun wasn’t as hot as at noon, so he carried some firewood into the kitchen, boiled half a pot of water, then mixed it with cold water to keep his hands from freezing.

The sun had been shining brightly these days, so clothes could dry in a day. However, spring winds were quite strong, so he had to be careful to prevent the clothes from being blown away.

The morning passed in a flurry of activity. After lunch, Lu Gu sat down to rest. His life was so plain. No matter how busy he was, he could never take a break. There was always work to be done.