Chapter 81


When Lao Zhang regained her strength, she yelled at Li Wanyun: "You money-loser, you don't cover your man with a quilt—are you trying to freeze my son to death?" She spat out two more curses, glaring at Li Wanyun, and added, "If you die, you die first. My son is blessed with great fate, and he will definitely wake up."

Seeing Li Wanyun being scolded, Quanzi fulang didn’t dare to say a word, secretly sighing with pity, but he could do nothing, and he went home after calling Quanzi’s mother.

As soon as Shen Xuanqing and the others came out from the courtyard, they met Lin Zhongcai and his son who had come over. Lin Zhongcai and Shen Xuanqing’s grandmother were closely related; although they were far apart, they remained kin, and Shen Xuanqing’s generation called him granduncle.

"Uncle is here," Wei Lanxiang said, and the two Shen brothers called him granduncle.

"It's Lanxiang, what's going on?" Lin Zhongcai asked when he saw them.

Shen Yaoqing said: "Granduncle, when we came here, we saw Zhengzi and his mother lying on the ground in front of the door. Zhengzi fell heavily and passed out, and his mother’s leg was broken. I don't know much about the rest."

"That's it. Did you invite langzhong?" Lin Zhongcai walked into Zhang's courtyard, walking while asking questions. After all, he was an elder, so Wei Lanxiang couldn't just leave, and she had to follow behind with her sons, and she said, "Yes, Dazhi and the others have gone."

"Uncle Lin is here," Quanzi’s mother called him, and Quanzi’s fulang next to her also called someone.

At this moment, there was no one else in the Zhang family. Lin Zhongcai wanted to know what was going on, so he asked the Quan family next door.

"I only came out when I heard Lao Zhang cry for help. As soon as I came out, I saw her and Zhengzi lying on the ground in front of the door. Zhengzi didn't move at that moment." Quanzi’s mother said truthfully.

After entering the room, Lao Zhang groaned in a low voice because of the pain in her legs. After all, she was old, and it was remarkable she could endure until now. When she saw Lin Zhongcai, she cried and complained immediately, saying that Dazhi and the others had lost their conscience, no one was willing to help her invite langzhong, and they had to blackmail her for a jade pendant.

Although Lin Zhongcai was old, he was not confused. He glanced at Shen Yaoqing and saw him shaking his head slightly, and he knew that the old woman was talking nonsense. "I just want to ask you, what's going on with Zhengzi?"

Lao Zhang wiped away her tears and said, "My son said he was going to drink with Dayang. I went to look for him at night when he didn't come back. And then I saw he was lying in front of the door. I slipped and fell while helping him."

"Dayang is also hateful; it's not good to drink, and he still had to invite my son to drink today. Wasn't it intentional to hurt people when you invite someone out in such heavy snow?"

Before she finished speaking, she saw Li Wanyun who was holding the brazier. She stared at her viciously and said, "It must be her, she must have a bad heart and pushed my son to the ground, causing Zhengzi to fall so hard. I should have killed this scourge if I had known it!"

Li Wanyun was timid and afraid of death, and didn’t dare to disobey her husband and mother-in-law, but at this moment she hadn’t put down the brazier, and she stood there in a daze, her face pale, her eyes red, her hair messy, and there were tears and blood on her face. She opened her mouth to defend herself, but could only say, "I didn't."

"Lao Zhang, I saw that you and Zhengzi fell outside the door first, and Wanyun came out of the courtyard to help you. She pushed your son? Don’t talk empty words to slander the good people." Quanzi’s mother couldn't stand it anymore; she took the brazier from Li Wanyun's hand and put it on the ground, and when the fire grew bigger, the copper basin would be hot, and your hands would get scorched.

"Is she still a good person?" Lao Zhang glared at Li Wanyun, and wanted to continue but was interrupted by Quanzi’s mother. "Don't talk nonsense. It's quiet at night. I was pouring my grandson’s urine in the yard, and I heard a bang from outside, as if someone fell, and after that you yelled and asked if it was Zhengzi. I thought it was Zhengzi who fell and didn't think much about it. I went back to the room and then I heard you howling."

Quanzi's parents were a pair of good people, with kind hearts, and they were friendly with everyone in the village, and now when they saw Lao Zhang wronging Li Wanyun, Quanzi’s mother couldn't stand it and defended Li Wanyun. What she said was very reasonable: Li Wanyun was a weak woman; how could she have the courage to push her husband, not to mention Quanzi’s mother was a kind person in the village, she was not a liar. Lin Zhongcai believed it somewhat.

"I think Zhengzi stepped on urine and slipped," Shen Xuanqing said.

Seeing that everyone in the house was looking at him, he added, "The puddle of urine in front of the courtyard has turned yellow on the snow. It's hard to distinguish at night, but you can tell from the dark color on the snow. Zhengzi's body also smells like urine; aunt Zhang also has this smell all over her body, and she got the smell when she fell because she also stepped on the urine."

There was indeed a smell of urine in the room, only Shen Xuanqing was aware of it; other people were anxious just now, and now they could detect it after thinking about it for a while. So Shen Xuanqing said: "He went to drink, and when he came back he should relieve himself under the wall, and stepped on it when he didn’t pay attention."

"There is blood on the stone outside; it must be left by Zhengzi when he fell down and knocked his head on it." Shen Xuanqing had developed a habit of hunting, and he was able to focus on observing his surroundings even when he was in a hurry, and he could see it with the light reflected from Quanzi’s mother’s lantern at that time.