Chapter 59


With so many fish to kill, one person definitely couldn’t finish them all, so Lu Gu went out to help after heating up the stove. He took the knives and scissors and three old bamboo plaques. One bamboo plaque was used to store the guts that had been taken out, left for the chickens and ducks to eat, and the piles of fish scales. It was convenient to scoop them out; otherwise, if you threw them on the ground, it would be difficult to sweep, and the ground would look dirty.

Shen Xuanqing brought over two tree stumps, which were a little shorter but had a flat top and were quite heavy. They were just right for killing fish and wouldn’t wobble. They poured some water to wash off the ashes on the tree stumps, and when Lu Gu brought the stool over, he sat down, drew a fish from the barrel, and cut into the stunned fish with the knife. Seeing that what Lu Gu took out was a big fish, its tail still flapping, Lu Gu was thin of limb; even if he had strength in his hands, Shen Xuanqing still handed him the one that had already fainted and swapped it for the big fish.

It was unavoidable that the fish scales would be scraped and splashed. As there were too many piles on the tree stump, they used a knife to scrape off the scales, and most of the scales would fall into the bamboo plaque.

The puppy stood up and lay along the edge of the barrel, stretching out a thick paw to pat the fish in the barrel. After scraping the scales off the fish, Lu Gu got up first to add firewood, and when he came out of the kitchen, he saw the puppy poking his head into the barrel and trying to bite the fish, but Dahui came over with a low growl and stopped him. The dogs also knew how to wink, and the puppy stopped nudging the barrel, stood on the ground, and, not content to be idle, went to pat the tail-wagging fish in the fishing net on the ground, lowering his body and swooping forward to play. He patted the fish with his paws, and Lu Gu didn’t mind.

The sun shone through the gaps in the clouds, and the sky grew brighter. It was clear that there would be no more rain. After killing a few fish, the bodies grew cold, and his hands unconsciously became a little stiff. Lu Gu went to the kitchen to scoop up hot water. Shen Xuanqing threw the fish guts he had taken out into the bamboo plaque, and then soaked his hands in the warm water. He looked up at the sky and said, “Let’s see what it looks like tomorrow; when the ground is dry and easy to walk, I will go out to hunt foxes the day after tomorrow, and tomorrow the two of us will finish killing all the fish.”

His cold hands were soothed in the warm water; he twisted a hot cloth towel to wipe his hands, and told Lu Gu: “If I go out, you have to remember to boil more hot water to warm your hands, so there will be enough firewood, so there is no need to save.”

After saying this, Shen Xuanqing thought of something else and said, “If we go down the mountain this time, buy Tang Pozi and bring it up, and pour boiling water into it. During the day, when your hands are cold, hold them, and at night, you could tuck them into the quilt to keep you warm.” 
Tang Pozi was a good thing. They couldn't afford good charcoal in the countryside, and the hand stove and foot stove couldn't be used, but Tang Pozi, that only needed pouring hot water, they could grit their teeth and buy one. Lu Gu had only touched Lu Wen's Tang Pozi twice. It was Du Hehua who asked him to bring it into Lu Wen's room. It was cold winter at that time, and it was fine during the day, and he could find a sheltered place to bask in the sun, but not at night. Tang Pozi felt so warm to the touch that he remembered it for a long time, and sometimes he thought, if he had money, he would buy one, so that he wouldn't be cold at night. But at that time, he only dared to think about it. Now when Shen Xuanqing said he wanted to buy it for him, he subconsciously looked at him, thinking that he had money from selling goji berries and other things, so he should be able to afford it. Seeing his unblinking eyes, looking expectant and serious, he smiled and continued: “If one is not enough, buy two, put one by your feet to warm your legs at night, and put the other in the middle, so it will be warmth.” He needed to buy two; Lu Gu thought for a while—the hot Tang Pozi warmed his feet, and there was one in the middle of the quilt, how warm it would be. He smiled after thinking about it, his brows and eyes slightly curved, and he was as happy as if he had already bought Tang Pozi. Seeing this, Shen Xuanqing held the cloth towel in his hand and forgot to put it down, staring blankly at Lu Gu. He had never seen Lu Gu smile so happily. After watching for a while, he couldn't hold back his laughter. It was too far away, otherwise he would buy it for Lu Gu right now. The dogs didn't understand why they were laughing, but they could feel the good mood. They ran around the yard, barking constantly, and it sounded quite lively.

There was a fishy smell in the yard, and a row of fish hung under the eaves. Shen Xuanqing also built four wooden frames for hanging the fish in the open space in the front yard at night. There were so many fish that all four horizontal logs were fully hung, and a few were placed on the bamboo plaque. Shen Xuanqing got up early and went out. The sun was getting bigger and warmer after a while. Sitting under the sun, Lu Gu killed the loaches he caught that morning when it rained. He killed a few loaches yesterday and ate them for stew, and the rest were dried in the sun when the weather was good. The loach weren’t too many, and they could be spread out on a bamboo plaque. Lu Gu thought that after drying, they could be packed up and eaten in winter.

After finishing all this work, he pulled out the mat and spread out the purslane vegetables on it evenly. It rained two days ago and the wild vegetables were not dry. The mat was fully occupied, so there was no need to dig wild vegetables anymore. There were still a lot of tianwogen that had been moved to the corner of the main room. Shen Xuanqing told him not to dig too much. Shen Yan and the others would also dig up some in the mountain. Tianwogen were heavy, it was hard to take it down the mountain. Lu Gu was not idle either; he took a sickle and carried a bamboo basket and went outside to cut grass.