Chapter 112 Part 11


He didn’t close the door, so the puppy ran in after a while of playing and stood by the bed, looking at him.

Lu Gu heard the sound of Guaizi scurrying in, reached out, and patted the dog’s head, then rolled onto his side and closed his eyes again.

“Woo.” Seeing that Lu Gu hadn’t gotten up, the puppy wandered around the bed for a while, then finally lay down on the ground and fell asleep.

The sun shone obliquely, and dust drifted in the beam, rising and falling. Occasionally a breeze blew into the room, gentle and soft, making it very peaceful for a nap.

In the evening, Shen Xuanqing came back with four live rabbits. Lu Gu had already steamed the rice. The river shrimps and dried chili stir-fry smelled delicious. The fish was stewed, the white sauce fresh and thick. There was also a bowl of wild vegetables stir-fried. The meal was tasty, with both meat and vegetables.

At the end of the meal, Shen Xuanqing poured the fish soup into the remaining half bowl of rice. He picked out a few fish bones and finished eating and drinking quickly. After setting the bowl down, he felt physically and mentally relaxed.

Lu Gu had a small appetite and was already full before Shen Xuanqing finished his meal. After that, the two of them washed the dishes together.

Lu Gu was washing dishes while Shen Xuanqing squatted beside him, helping him rinse them in clean water. Shen Xuanqing said, “I found traces of a deer when I came back. I’ll chase it tomorrow and see if I can catch it.”

Hearing this, Lu Gu asked, “Will we also raise deer in the future?”

Shen Xuanqing smiled, took the plate from him, and said, “If I can catch them alive, we can raise them. I heard that some families in Yuqing Prefecture built a deer park on their farm in the countryside to raise deer. But that’s for the young masters in the mansion to hunt and have fun. I can’t catch so many by myself. If I really want to raise them, maybe I could have seven or eight.”

Hearing this, Shen Xuanqing had an idea of raising rabbits. He had also read a miscellaneous book that said a few decades ago there was a wealthy family who loved rabbits. To raise rabbits, they built a rabbit garden of more than ten li (about 500 m).

The rich did it for fun, and he wanted to raise rabbits and sell them for money. He hunted for many years; if he was lucky, fox fur was the most profitable, maybe he could earn two or three hundred taels. If he had children in the future, they would need a lot of money for food, clothing, and education, and he would also have to support his mother. If any trouble arose in the family, he had to help out; every copper coin counted.

Not to mention the distant future, as the family grew, those few rooms would no longer be enough. He had been thinking about building another house in the winter, but he never said it aloud. Building a house or dividing the family were big matters, and buying land had already taken up nearly half of his money, so he put the matter aside.

“Even if they only give birth to two fawns, we can still sell them for two hundred copper coins.” Lu Gu agreed. He had been listening to Shen Xuanqing talk about raising rabbits these days and had figured things out.

“Yes.” Shen Xuanqing said with a smile.

They didn’t have many dishes, so they finished washing them quickly. After cleaning the kitchen, Lu Gu washed his hands with a wild bath. Because he needed to apply hand cream, Lu Gu specially washed his hands with wild soapberries, for fear of contaminating the expensive hand cream.

It was getting dark now. He rubbed his hands and said to Shen Xuanqing when he saw him, “Do you want to put some on too?”

The hand cream smelled nice, and since using it, his hands had become noticeably more moisturized.

“I don’t need it.” Shen Xuanqing disliked the scent of the hand cream. Although the scent was light, he thought that he was a man and there was no reason to perfume his hands. However, he was very concerned about the cream on Lu Gu’s hands. As soon as Lu Gu spread it evenly, he touched his fulang’s hands, and even touched his fulang’s face seriously.

Spring wind was strong. A few days ago, Lu Gu’s face had been a little rough from the wind, but now it looked very smooth.

Shen Xuanqing thought this facial cream was really good; he would buy it often in the future. Then he remembered that he had used up more than half of his eight copper coins’ ointment, and he should buy another bottle as a backup.

After Lu Gu held his hand, he didn’t struggle and let Shen Xuanqing touch his face. This was how he usually behaved when no one else was around, and he was almost used to it.

With nothing else to do at the moment, Shen Xuanqing’s hands were dry and warm but a little rough, so Lu Gu dipped some hand cream and rubbed it onto Shen Xuanqing’s hands as he idly played with his fingers.

“It smells too fragrant.” Shen Xuanqing sniffed his own hand and clearly didn’t like the scent.

Lu Gu smiled and said, “It isn’t that strong. Your hands are too dry. You should apply more.”