Chapter 35


Before going out, Lu Gu watched the sun come out and the mist subside; it was no longer damp, so he poured the four baskets of peppercorns he had picked yesterday onto a bamboo plaque to dry. Fortunately there were only two trees; otherwise there would be too many and a bamboo mat would have to be used. It was cool in the mountains in summer, and Shen Xuanqing hadn’t brought a bamboo mat at all, which wasn’t easy to obtain.

The peppery smell spread through the yard as the two spread the peppercorns evenly with their hands. At the end, Lu Gu asked in a low voice, “Is there a stone mortar here?” After the peppercorns dried, they could be pounded into powder with a stone mortar and fried with salt.

“No, go back down the mountain and bring one up,” Shen Xuanqing replied. Wei Lanxiang and Ji Qiuyue had come up to pick the two peppercorns when they were ripe before, or he had picked and brought them down the mountain himself, and had never processed them in the mountains. Lu Gu nodded and said nothing more.

After finishing these things, they went out with bamboo baskets and fishing nets on their backs. They also drove the chickens and ducks out to forage outside the fence. You didn’t need to worry about feeding them anymore—the grass outside was full of small bugs and they could eat them.

Shen Xuanqing cast a sturdy net into the gentle, deep stream, and together with Lu Gu he moved many stones to build a knee-high dam across the downstream water surface. Water flowed through the gaps between the stones, and both nets and stones could block the fishes; not to mention the small ones, the big fishes could still be blocked by the stones. After the big net was cast, the large-mesh could only stop the fat fishes, and the smaller fishes could hardly be blocked. The two of them set up another small net with dense mesh downstream, intending to catch some river prawns. The shelled river prawns were also bigger than in the summer.

After finishing all this, Lu Gu followed Shen Xuanqing to the north forest behind the house. When he first came here, he heard Shen Xuanqing say that the north was dangerous, so he never got close to it. Walking to the north, there was a large dense forest more than thirty miles away from here. It wasn’t far, but there were wild boars there, and even the bear that the old hunter had met came from the north. Shen Xuanqing had many traps dug in the forest in the north; several of them were big pits as deep as a man, and several rows of sharpened wooden wedges were buried under the pits.

It was a good thing Lu Gu hadn’t come here before, but now that he had, he pointed to the cut marks on several nearby trees: one on the top, one on the left, one on the right, which looked like the character 口. He told Lu Gu that once he saw these things in the mountains, he shouldn’t go any further. There were traps or wild boar traps. The traps weren’t for waiting for wild animals to fall; this was a custom in their place. People who often went up the mountain knew about it—even Lu Gu knew it—yet they had never seen it. The front mountain was full of small game, such as hares and pheasants. In recent years they were rarely seen because people often caught them, so traps hadn’t been set. Shen Xuanqing would come to the north to look at it every few days. The day before yesterday, he saw nothing, and the dog hadn’t barked. There should be nothing falling in the traps, so he followed Lu Gu, who was carrying a bamboo basket to the hickory tree to pick the leaves.

The leaves were a bit poisonous; he mashed them up and poured the juice into the river to intoxicate the fish. The fish wouldn’t die; they would turn over on their stomachs, pass out, and wake up after the medicine wore off. Besides hickory leaves, there was also a kind of Buddleia, but unfortunately it was not so easy to find—not as convenient as the hickory leaves.

They saw a lot of hickory nuts, autumn walnuts, which would be ripe soon. But Lu Gu didn’t dare come to pick them alone; he was timid and cowardly, and if he really encountered any wild boar, wolf, or leopard, he might not even be able to run. But it wasn’t a bad thing to cherish life sometimes; at least he wouldn’t be worrying about wandering around in the mountains.

The leaves of the hickory tree weren’t very poisonous, so many of them had to be picked to be effective. The leaves in the bamboo basket were compacted, and when it was full, Shen Xuanqing shouldered it on his back. The two of them went to the river to crush the leaves with stones. After they were done, they poured the juice and debris into the river in the water area of the lower net. The green juice and broken leaves flowed in the water. Lu Gu stood by the river; he looked at it, but because the medicine hadn’t yet taken effect, he didn’t see a drunk fish—only a grass carp had already been caught in the net.

Shen Xuanqing wasn’t idle, anyway; he had to wait for a while. He carried a bamboo basket to dig loaches in the silt by the river. Lu Gu also followed, took off his shoes and socks, and rolled up his trousers very high.

“In less than a month, the rice in the paddy fields would be ripe, and then you could catch loaches, eels, and autumn rice fish in it, which are more delicious than fish in the river,” Shen Xuanqing said as he bent over and rummaged in the mud, his hands covered with mud. 

“Yeah.” Lu Gu listened beside him, and he also stretched out his hand to rummage in the mud. Fortunately, they were the only ones here; otherwise it would be fine if they were barefoot, but their trousers could never be pulled up so high.