Chapter 70 Part 20


Whether roasted or steamed, the sweetness of tianwogen was fairly mild. The country folk didn’t eat with frills or tricks. When warming by the winter fire, they’d bury a few tianwogen in the embers and roast them. They could be a snack and warm your hands.

The puppy and the big dogs crowded around the brazier, crouching in a circle, almost like people. Seeing the puppy settle down for a moment and then wanting to lie down, Lu Gu dragged their sacks closer, otherwise they would lie on the ground. It was too cold there.

Tianwogen roasted; Shen Xuanqing pulled one from the fire; some of the outer skin was singed and blackened, and it was too hot to handle, so he let it cool on the ground.

It wouldn’t taste good even when cold, so he picked up the largest one on the ground, blew on it, and broke it with his hands, handing half of it to Lu Gu, and said, “It’s still hot—blow it before you eat.”

Lu Gu took the half-tianwogen; it was really hot, so he could only hold it with both hands, alternating. The skin peeled easily after it was cooked.

The puppy hadn’t eaten when it was taken from the fire; it just looked up. Now that it saw the two of them eating, it knew it was edible, stood, rubbed against Lu Gu’s calf, and barked twice, clearly begging for food.

“Don’t worry, they’ll eat when it cools,” Shen Xuanqing said.

That being the case, Lu Gu didn’t feed the puppy, and the puppy, which hadn’t eaten anything, barked and kept watching them. Lu Gu didn’t give it to him until it was finally warmed up. Unlike other dogs in the village, he always ate well, but this one disliked tianwogen; it wasn’t meat and tasted bland. After two or three mouthfuls, it lay back on the sack and didn’t beg anymore.

The wind stopped in the middle of the night, and early the next morning, Shen Xuanqing found an unwanted rag, wrote two characters on it with Lu Gu’s embroidered brush, “hui” (return) and “duo” (many), and stuffed it into a slender bamboo tube. In such a small and delicate bamboo tube, a small twisted hemp rope was threaded through the eye, and it hung on Dahui’s neck.

He hadn’t gone down the mountain until a few days after the beginning of winter last year, the year before last, and it was relatively late. Before going up the mountain this time, they hadn’t discussed going down earlier with the family. If only Dahui had run down today, Shen Yaoqing might think that they would meet halfway, so he wrote the words and hoped they would understand.

Both brothers had studied; the character Hui meant that they were going down the mountain to go home and wouldn’t come up again, and the character Duo meant there were many things. Shen Yaoqing naturally understood after reading it.

After feeding a few pieces of meat to Dahui and Dabai, Shen Xuanqing patted the necks of the two dogs and said something; the dogs ran out the door and disappeared soon.

Having nothing else to do after breakfast, Lu Gu let the chickens and ducks out and locked them in the big fence outside for them to eat. The first thing he did when he returned to the yard was to go into the small house to look at the wild vegetables and dried vegetables he had dried. For winter, what you ate was the most important thing.

The small house was cool and dry, and if you stored a lot of food, you would put it here in case the kitchen stayed damp all day long.

Seeing Shen Xuanqing coming in, he asked, “Do you want to take the quilt back?”

Lu Gu didn’t know about going down the mountain for a winter, so he still needed to ask.

“No, we will come again in the spring of next year. Put it in a box and close it tightly. Next year, pick a sunny day and go to the mountain early, take it out and let it dry for a whole day.”

Shen Xuanqing looked at the other things while talking. There was only half a sack of rice and flour left, and he said, “There’s no need to take away the food. It won’t germinate or spoil in the cold winter. You can still eat it next year.”

“Yeah.” Lu Gu nodded, looking at what he saved—a cloth bag of dried mushrooms. The bag was full and rested on the ground about knee-high. Seeing it, he was very satisfied, and happily packed it away with Shen Xuanqing.