Chapter 90 Part 11


When they came back, Lu Gu and Wei Lanxiang began cleaning the pork. They didn’t throw away the pig skin. After cleaning it, they cut it into thin strips and washed it together with the pig skin saved from eating the pork before, planning to cook it in the afternoon. The crystal meat was cool and refreshing in the mouth, and the pigskin seemed to be frozen in ice; it was also known as skin jelly (皮冻). They cooked mutton and stewed red-braised pork. Chinese prickly ash and old wine could remove the fishy smell, and they added the orange peel that they had not been willing to throw away and dried earlier.

When it was almost noon, the smell of meat filled the air, and the greedy Shen Yan stood by the clay stove and salivated, keeping her eyes on the gurgling braised pork until it softened, then went into the kitchen to peek at the mutton in the pot. Even the puppy whimpered when he smelled the cooked meat, drooling, pawing at Lu Gu’s pants, and sobbing with anxiety. The cooked meat was so fragrant that Lu Gu tossed bones to the puppy and the big dog, but it wasn’t tasty to them. After a few bites, he went to see the stewed meat in the pot.

Not to mention the puppy, even Lu Gu felt it was too fragrant when he smelled it, so he swallowed quietly, but it wasn’t time yet, so he could only bow his head to peel peanuts. On New Year’s Eve, when eating and drinking at night, you had to eat fried peanuts, and all the peeled peanuts saved before would be used for the Five Beans and the Laba Festival. He thought that no one saw it, but Shen Xuanqing, who was sitting next to him helping peel the peanuts, suddenly smiled and asked, “Do you want to eat it?” Lu Gu’s ears turned red; he hesitated and couldn’t speak, so he could only work hard to cover his embarrassment. Shen Xuanqing laughed softly and squeezed Lu Gu’s palm to comfort him after laughing. There was a lot of stewed pork and mutton. They could eat them for two meals. They didn’t need to do anything else for dinner, just heat them up.

After the meal, the meat in the soup bowls grew cold. Shen Xuanqing went into the kitchen and tossed a few pieces of cooked meat into the food bowls of the four dogs behind Wei Lanxiang’s back. Fortunately, the braised pork and the mutton had no bones; they were well cooked and soft, otherwise they would have choked if they ate so hurriedly.

In the afternoon, Lu Gu boiled the pork skin in a big pot. He only added dried pepper leaves and a little dried chili, wrapped it in a cloth, and put it in the pot. After a while Shen Xuanqing came in, and before he could speak, they heard a sudden noise from outside. Because it was so close, they could tell it was Li Wanyun’s voice. The two looked at each other and went out, Wei Lanxiang and the others following.

It was fine when they didn’t see it, but when they did, they were shocked. Li Wanyun was holding a knife to her neck, and Lao Zhang, who lay slumped on the ground in a mess, was also holding scissors in his hand, the tips of the scissors trembling toward her neck.

“You bullied my mother-in-law and me, we who are weak and can’t call the shots. You came here to rob our meat and the dishes I bought! What do you want? In normal times, I respect you as an elder and call you uncle and aunt, today you are here to smash the pots and bowls and ruin our Chinese New Year, you are wicked! Someday you will reap Heaven’s wrath and be struck by the God of Thunder!”

Li Wanyun’s hair was disheveled, her face still injured, and there was a piece of meat covered in black mud on the ground behind her, obviously from the scuffle earlier. Zhang Gui, a relative from another village, had seen her buying meat at Meng Dayue’s place in the morning, so he came over with bad intentions, hoping to take the meat back to his own house to eat. When Zhang Gui’s wife heard Li Wanyun’s scolding, she immediately grew angry, staring back and cursing: “Darn you! You dare to talk to me like this? See if I don’t beat you to death!”

Li Wanyun sneered and said angrily: “Okay! You don’t need to do anything. Let me tell you, both of us will die at this gate today; our blood will dry and our flesh will rot. We can die right here in front of this gate without going anywhere. If you want my house and my land, just come and take it!” She turned her head and spoke fiercely to Lao Zhang: “You’ll die as well. If we die together, we won’t have to suffer this kind of crime of being bullied in this world, so that these heartless murderers will reincarnate as bastards in the future!”

Lao Zhang was dragged out of the room by Li Wanyun; even Li Wanyun herself seemed to have found strength she didn’t know she had. She had been losing her mind lately, but when she heard that others planned to rob her house and that the meat she had just bought would fall to the ground, her eyes widened, and she burst into tears and wailed that she couldn’t live anymore, that her old mother with old bones was about to be forced to death.

“Remember, it’s you, the good relatives, who forced us to die. We will see you later in the palace hall of Yama!” Li Wanyun cursed. The kitchen knife flashed, and the flesh near her neck was cut; bright red blood oozed out. The neighbors were so frightened that they hurried over to save her, and even Wei Lanxiang rushed forward and snatched the kitchen knife from her hand.

“Zhang Gui! Are you trying to kill someone?” someone asked angrily. Lin Zhongcai rushed over, out of breath, and after hearing this, he was furious. He and ten men from the village drove Zhang Gui and his wife out of Qingxi Village.