Chapter 72


This time, there were many people who had to carry things on their backs, and the mountain road was difficult to walk. When facing uphill or downhill, they had to push and drag the cart, so they stopped to rest and then continued to walk, eating the dried rations on the way, and by the time they returned home it was already afternoon.

Ji Qiuyue heard the sound of barking dogs outside, and before she reached the door to greet them, Dahui and Dabai followed her.

“Mother, I soaked the dried chestnuts last night and boiled them in sugar water this morning, I also stewed them with chicken at noon, and I waited for you to come back. It’s just right now; they are still in the pot, and they can be eaten as soon as they are warmed up.”

Seeing her reach out to take the bamboo basket, Wei Lanxiang raised her hand to block it and chided her gently, “You forgot that you are pregnant? Take a rest, don’t touch these things.”

Although it was a reproach, Wei Lanxiang spoke with a smile, since Ji Qiuyue and Shen Yaoqing had come back from the langzhong that day, she had been happy every day. Many women and fulangs of her age had grandchildren in their arms, and they wandered around the village with their grandchildren all day long. Now she was going to hug her grandson as a grandmother, and she was so happy.

“Sister-in-law.” Lu Gu spoke softly, pausing for a moment, not knowing what to say; the overly polite words of congratulations were not easy to say to the family, so he could only purse his lips and smile slightly. Seeing him like this, Qiuyue knew what he meant, so she replied with a smile: “Guzi is back. Try the stew chicken with chestnuts made by sister-in-law; the chicken soup is nourishing.” “Yeah.” Lu Gu nodded, and he even noticed that Qiuyue’s smile was different from the past. She had always been a cheerful and straightforward person, but now her eyes were bright, and when the sun shone on her face, there was a soft light, and her face was full of joy without a trace of haze.

At that moment, Shen Yaoqing was pulling the cart and was almost at the door of the house. The road was flat and there was no need to push behind. Seeing that Qiuyue was a few steps behind and went to talk to Shen Yaoqing, Wei Lanxiang and the others smiled and went home first.

“Did you sleep well last night?” Shen Yaoqing asked with naive happiness when he saw his wife, and everyone could see his joy from the bottom of his heart. Qiuyue thought he was too naive, so she glared at him and said, “Okay, since you didn’t take up space on the bed, why not?” A hand stretched out to grab his wife’s hand and squeezed it tightly before letting go. Qiuyue glared at him again, but didn’t say anything; her smile never diminished.

The chicken soup was bright and fragrant. The chestnuts absorbed the broth, which was slightly salty but also sweet and glutinous. The chicken was stewed until soft and had the sweetness of chestnuts; it became even more delicious. The chicken was an old hen Shen Yaoqing had killed before they went up the mountain yesterday. A whole chicken was chopped up, a lot of chestnuts were added, and a lot of water was poured in to stew it, enough for everyone to drink a bowl of chicken soup. The chicken and chestnuts were served in a big old bowl. Not only did Shen Yaoqing add vegetables and meat to Qiuyue’s bowl, even Wei Lanxiang kept adding chicken pieces to hers. A pregnant woman was different—even Shen Yan knew that she couldn’t compete with her sister-in-law for meat, especially since Lu Gu and Shen Xuanqing were beside her; chestnuts were meaty and delicious, and there were other dishes.

“Second brother said that those rabbits and pheasants aren’t for sale, and leave them for you to eat,” Shen Yaoqing said, thinking of this. Qiuyue loved to eat spicy fried rabbit meat. Hearing this, she looked at Shen Xuanqing with a smile and said, “Second brother is worried.” Shen Xuanqing smiled and said nothing. Now that life was better, it was okay to leave that little thing for his family to make up.

“After eating these, I’ll buy a few black-bone chickens for you to supplement your body,” Shen Yaoqing said again. After three years of hard life, Qiuyue had lost a lot of weight since she first married him. After some time, she had gained a little weight, and now that she was pregnant, he was always worried that his wife wouldn’t eat well. “Yes, buy a few black-bone chickens and eat them.” Wei Lanxiang echoed beside him. Even if the women in the country were pregnant, they didn’t eat meat every day. Now that they had rabbits and pheasants, they still had to buy black-bone chickens. After hearing this, Qiuyue felt that her husband and mother-in-law were thinking of her, and she was happy, but she still felt that spending too much money was not good, so she said, “Just buy one or two; there is no one who eats these things often.” “Yeah.” Although Shen Yaoqing responded repeatedly, he didn’t think so in his heart. Now that his wife was pregnant, he didn’t want to talk much. How many to buy at that time was up to him.

After a meal, everyone was full, and a warm glow spread through their bodies from the chicken soup. That day, the five members of the family had trudged along the mountain road, and their legs were tired from pushing the cart while carrying their luggage. After eating, they didn’t do much work. It grew dark early, and it was getting colder without the sun, so Lu Gu went to the kitchen and boiled a large pot of water for the family to wash and soak their feet, and also poured soup for the mother-in-law. He sat in front of the stove, the fire reflected on his face; it was not as cold as outside.

Not long after, Shen Xuanqing entered the kitchen. Lu Gu thought he was trying to fetch water, so he said, “The water isn’t boiling yet.” “Yeah.” Shen Xuanqing didn’t say anything else; he had actually come to find Lu Gu. He had nothing to do in the room by himself, but Lu Gu looked up at him with puzzled eyes, thinking it was something else, which made him a little embarrassed.

“I’ll help you,” he said, squatting down next to Lu Gu and adding some firewood to the bottom of the stove. He only boiled water and didn’t need the help of others; besides, there was only a small stool in front of the stove, but Shen Xuanqing was close to him. Squatting down put him a little higher than Lu Gu who sat on the small stool. Lu Gu felt a little oppressed by the closeness, but it was also an inexplicable peace of mind.

Lu Gu was not particularly clever, but he was aware of something right then: the fire was warm, Shen Xuanqing’s legs were next to his, and the atmosphere was a bit intoxicating. He didn’t speak; the hand on his knee moved slightly, then gripped the fabric of his trousers and let go.