Chapter 102


The next morning, Li Wanyun went to Lin Shouyi, the person in charge, and told him that Old Zhang would be buried today.

The sun had already risen. In the yard, the women and helpers who were assisting were bustling about. When they heard her say this, they could not help but glance over.

“Um… Uncle Shouyi,” Li Wanyun began, hesitating. “We should probably wait three days to bury the body. Old Zhang died yesterday, and it isn’t time yet.”

“Uncle Shouyi, I’m not insisting on today,” she continued, “but I spent the last bit of money I had to buy a coffin. I only have a few handfuls of rice left, and there isn’t much flour in the jar. I can’t even afford a three-day vegetarian banquet.”

She wiped away her tears, glanced at Wei Lanxiang and the others, and then cried again: “I know the villagers in our village are kind and willing to lend me things, but I’ve already sold the land. From now on I can only earn money by sewing. If people lend to me, when could I pay them back? Isn’t that asking others to drink the Northwest Wind?”

Her words were reasonable. With the Zhangs’ current condition, she wouldn’t be able to repay. Her conscience alone made Lin Shouyi look at her with admiration. Who would have thought that a woman who couldn’t read a single word could have such insight.

“But the grave hasn’t been dug yet,” Lin Shouyi said.

Usually it took two or three days to dig a grave. They couldn’t afford to hire people to dig and construct a proper grave in the countryside; most of them only dug a simple pit. Moreover, the men who helped dig the grave had their own duties at home and couldn’t stay on the south slope to dig the grave all the time.

What’s more, there were also poor families who couldn’t even afford a coffin. On the day those people died, they could only wrap the deceased with torn mats, bury them in the earth, and that was all. They also didn’t have money to arrange a vegetarian banquet.

Li Wanyun lowered her head and thought for a moment, then raised her head and spoke with resolve: “The most important thing is that my mother lived a long life. I’m not willing to say she died from injury or illness. I just think that as long as there’s someone who can mourn for her, so that she can have good reincarnation and be a healthy baby in the next life, rather than ending up a baby with illness. In this way, Uncle Shouyi, I hope you can call more men to go to the south slope to dig the grave, and I will kill two chickens and set out two tables of meat for them, to console them for their trouble and hard work.”

If she could mobilize those men to dig the grave in one go, she would have to feed them better so they would be willing to come. Digging a grave was a laborious task, after all.

If everyone in the village hadn’t been watching, and Lin Shouyi, the one in charge, hadn’t come to speak with her, anyone could tell that she should follow the three-day vegetarian banquet rules. Otherwise, after what happened yesterday, she wouldn’t even be willing to wrap Old Zhang in a torn mat.

They say that weddings and funerals for an elderly person who has lived a long life are both joys and sorrows. Being able to eat meat and drink wine was, in the countryside, a rare thing indeed; most funerals were vegetarian banquets.

Lin Shouyi thought for a moment, then nodded. “Sure, I’ll do as you say.”

Li Wanyun wiped the tears from her face. She hadn’t slept all night. She’d been turning this over in her mind.

The old woman was dead. Why should she set up a banquet for three days for those rotten Zhangs’ kin? That would be terrible. Everything costs money, yet she needed that money to keep herself alive in the future. In such a situation, her mind grew supple under pressure.

She decided that burying the old woman today would bring an end to the trouble. Once the deceased was buried, perhaps the world would be at peace. As for whether the old woman could reincarnate, she grit her teeth but, in the end, she could not bring herself to utter any harsh words to relieve her anger.

She went to the backyard to catch two chickens by herself. She’d been so busy lately that the yard hadn’t been swept. The chicken and duck manure lay scattered on the floor, and there was a pile of dung beside the wall. Usually, when the accumulation grew too large, it would be taken to fertilize the ground.

Seeing that Li Wanyun had brought the two chickens over, the aunts and grandmas helping in the kitchen quickly boiled water for the chickens.

When they heard that the men who would dig the grave could eat stewed chicken, a woman came over, pretending to help with the vegetarian banquet. But when she saw the chickens were killed and bled, she quickly slipped away and went home, and then she sent her husband up the mountain with a shovel. He could come help dig the grave and the noon-meal meat dishes.