Chapter 100 Part 9


“Do you want to mash garlic?” she asked, glancing at Shen Yan who was peeling garlic. When she thought of the wild vegetable steamed buns dipped in garlic and balsamic vinegar, she was so greedy that she swallowed her saliva, but she couldn’t eat.

The wild vegetable buns hadn’t been made yet, and the more she thought about it, the greedier she became. Yet she knew she couldn’t eat it—perhaps because of her pregnancy. Her eyes grew moist as she looked at the wild vegetables, and she felt like crying.

Shen Yan had a small wound on her finger. It was very small, so she didn’t notice it while peeling the garlic. The wound was a bit hot and painful at the moment, but she could bear it. She looked at her finger and wanted to talk to Ji Qiuyue, but before she could, she saw Ji Qiuyue’s eyes were wet.

“Sister-in-law,” Shen Yan said cautiously.

Ji Qiuyue felt a little ashamed when Shen Yan looked at her. She thought that for someone of her age, her eyes weeping over food made her feel useless, so she couldn’t help laughing and said, “It’s okay, I’m just greedy. Who knew that after I became pregnant I couldn’t eat so many things? What a pain. But later when the baby is born, I can eat a basket of it, so don’t snatch it from me.”

She flashed a smile again, and Shen Yan and Lu Gu were instantly relieved.

“Well, it’s all yours; we won’t eat it.” As soon as Shen Yan opened her mouth, Lu Gu nodded in agreement, and he said, “We will also mash garlic to mix with garlic-vinegar sauce for you.”

Ji Qiuyue didn’t dare to listen any longer; she hurriedly escaped from the kitchen. They didn’t know what she said to Shen Yaoqing in the main room; Lu Gu only heard him laughing, and then begging for forgiveness. He knew that he had been beaten by Ji Qiuyue.

They made the wild vegetable buns—the wild vegetables were fresh and the dough soft. They steamed the buns and then dipped them in garlic-vinegar sauce while the buns were still hot; it was truly refreshing.

The buns Lu Gu made were small and could be finished in two or three bites, so Shen Xuanqing only felt satisfied after eating eight in a row.

Shen Yaoqing ate a few, he smiled and then broke off a small half of the wild-vegetable steamed bun, dipped it in the garlic-vinegar sauce, got up, and sent it to Ji Qiuyue who hid in the room. He thought it wouldn’t matter if she only took a small bite.

He thought that tomorrow he would buy a black-bone chicken for his wife. Since she couldn’t eat wild vegetables, she could eat meat. He could also go to the mountains to dig some spring bamboo shoots. The bamboo shoots would be at their tenderest after the rain. After blanching, they could be stewed with black-bone chicken, and it would be a fresh vegetable dish.

The weather cleared up, and many people were digging wild vegetables in the wild fields on the mountain. There were also people fishing for winter and spring fish by the river, and people who had been hiding in the eaves after the rain came out.

The same was true for Lu Gu; the mountains and forests were unoccupied, and he could live day by day, full.

At noon, he had just returned from digging purslane. He took a branch to wipe mud from the soles of his shoes in front of the courtyard gate. The rain had stopped, but the ground was not completely dry, and a lot of wet mud clung to his feet after wandering about in the field.

“So many.” Wei Lanxiang came out of the courtyard and took the bamboo basket from his hands.

Before they could go in, the two saw Quanzi’s mother come out of the Zhang family’s house in a hurry. When she saw Wei Lanxiang, she came over and whispered, “Sister-in-law Zhang is gone.”

As soon as the words were spoken, Li Wanyun’s crying sounded in the Zhang courtyard.

Lao Zhang had endured his illness these past few days, but in the end he could not survive.

The sky was sunny and the sun was high. After a while in the warm sun, their backs grew hot, and people could not help but want to shed their outer clothes.

It was originally a good spring day, yet the sound of weeping from the Zhang family never stopped. It didn’t take long after Lao Zhang’s last breath that someone started a commotion in the afternoon.

Lu Gu and Shen Yan were picking and then washing the vegetables in the courtyard. They could hear the noise from the other side, but they could not hear clearly.

When someone in the village died, the neighbors nearby would go to lend a hand. If there was nothing else they could do, they would help with chores. They were each other’s helpers, and the Shen family could become kin because their house was close to the Zhang family.

Logically speaking, he also wanted to go and have a look, but Shen Xuanqing felt that the Zhang family’s relatives were not easy to deal with, so he didn’t let Lu Gu go, and he could only stay at home to cook. Besides, with Wei Lanxiang over there, their family had already sent someone to help, and it didn’t seem crucial even if he could go.