Chapter 95


In the evening, Wei Lanxiang came back from outside and said she had arranged an appointment with Quanzi's mother and Aunt Ajin, and that she would bring Lu Gu with her. Shen Xuanqing was pleased; going out to see an opera would be a good thing. Wei Lanxiang then added, “When I came back, Uncle Ajin’s cow was about to calve. Go over later and have a look.” Even if a dog in the village gave birth to a litter of puppies, someone would go see it, let alone a cow. Shen Xuanqing had been watching the cow at Uncle Ajin’s for a long time, and now that he heard it was time to give birth, he said they would go together later. There would be more fields in the future, and it would be too tiring to rely on others to plow. It would be better if there was a cow, because cattle for farming were precious; not many people would easily sell their family cow, and a cow raised from a calf would be closer to them.

It was cold at night. In Uncle Ajin’s barn, the ground was covered with hay and straw, and a brazier burned. The winter night was too cold, and the newborn calf had to be kept warm with the brazier. Lu Gu stood on tiptoe outside the crowd and looked inside. There were many men who came to join in the fun, so it was difficult for him to push forward. He and a few village children were a little farther away from the crowd.

“It’s coming out.” There was a commotion up front; everyone stretched their necks to look at the newborn calf inside, and the children were even more curious. Because Shen Xuanqing was the tallest, he could see everything clearly even if he stood behind. When he turned around, he saw Lu Gu stretching his neck on tiptoe, but still couldn’t see anything. He smiled and said, “I’ll take you to take a closer look later.” Lu Gu’s heels fell to the ground, and when the front of the crowd dispersed a little, he followed Shen Xuanqing to the barn. Uncle Ajin had already surrounded the barn with old mats, so that the cow and calf wouldn’t get a wind inside. The calf was wet, and there was blood between the cow’s hind legs. It was really not easy to give birth to a calf.

After seeing the calf, the little curiosity in Lu Gu’s heart was satisfied. When shuang’ers and girls were not yet married, usually they didn’t go to other people’s homes to watch this kind of excitement. In fact, there was nothing particularly remarkable to see; as soon as his eyes saw the blood stains, he knew that giving birth to a calf was painful, so he didn’t dare to look at the cow any more. “Mother, you go back first,” Shen Xuanqing said to Wei Lanxiang who was looking over. He turned his head and said to Lu Gu, “Go back with mother first, and I’ll ask Uncle Ajin about the calf.” Draft cattle were very useful in the fields, and many families in the village wanted them. Before the cow gave birth, he mentioned to Uncle Ajin that he wanted to buy its calf. He was afraid of an unforeseen event, so if he could settle it tonight, he would settle it tonight. Besides, they were all in the same village, and they were so close that there was no need to go to other places to buy it.

“En.” Lu Gu nodded and went back with Wei Lanxiang first. When Shen Xuanqing and Shen Yaoqing returned home, they learned that the calf had already been settled, and it would be brought back after three months when it was weaned. Wei Lanxiang was overjoyed. Lu Gu recalled the calf he had seen before, and he thought that it would be their family’s cow in the future.

––––––––––––

Appreciating the lanterns on the night of the fifteenth of the first lunar month, but they didn’t have many colorful lanterns to see in the countryside. If you wanted to talk about excitement, it must be in the town. Lu Gu once heard Lu Wen say that on the Lantern Festival night, the long street in Fenggu Town was crowded with lanterns, and people in the town would carry lanterns to stroll the streets; it was really as bright as day. He had never seen such excitement, but this year Shen Xuanqing bought quite a few lanterns; he bought twenty lanterns, all in different styles.

In the morning, Shen Yan pulled him to hang up the lanterns that should be hung, and they waited for them to be lit at night. Wangli Village was far away, and the sun was warm at noon. The big opera show would be held today, and in order to occupy the front spot early, Lu Gu made breakfast early, and after they finished eating, Wei Lanxiang took him and Shen Yan to watch the opera. Most of the people who liked to watch opera in the countryside were women and fulangs, so today Shen Xuanqing didn’t go with them.

Wei Lanxiang, who was carrying a small bench, called Aunt Miao and Quanzi’s mother loudly as soon as she went out. Lu Gu also carried a small bench and a small basket on his right hand, which contained bamboo tubes filled with hot water, pastries, melon seeds, and peanuts. It was a long time to watch the opera, so they must prepare something to eat.

As soon as they arrived at Wangli Village, the stage at the entrance of the village was set up, and people from several nearby villages came to watch it, so there were many people there. Afraid that Shen Yan would get lost, Lu Gu quickly held her hand and followed Wei Lanxiang closely. The crowd of people talked back and forth, and the place became like downtown. Lu Gu was afraid they would be scattered, so he focused all his attention on the people around him. He didn’t see Du Hehua in the crowd, but Du Hehua saw him. With a silver hairpin and a silver bracelet, she hadn’t expected this wild boy could live such a good life.