Chapter 8 Part 2


In the early morning, it was women and fulangs who swept the yard. Not many men came out. Although most of them were watching Lu Gu, Shen Xuanqing noticed that someone was quietly looking at him.
He disliked being stared at, so he looked straight at the observer and asked, “Uncle Lin, will you go down to the ground early?”

The man shyly scratching his head laughed, “Yes, yes.”
Although what Shen Xuanqing said was only a common question, he could tell that the moment the eyes opened with a wink, Lu Gu’s restraint rose, and his gaze wandered toward Lu Gu much less. The two didn’t stop, and they went straight out of the village toward Anjia Village.
——
In Langzhong’s house, Wang Langzhong took off the blood-stained linen cloth from Lu Gu’s head and applied the herbal medicine to his forehead again.
He knew a little about the pulse, and gave Lu Gu a diagnosis, then shook his head and sighed: “The foundation is empty; it will take ten days for others, and twenty for you to recover from the injury, and you won’t be able to come out for a while.”
Wang Langzhong was getting old, and seeing Lu Gu so thin, he couldn’t help rambling. But Grandma Wang gave him a wink to tell him not to talk, and he stopped in shock, then looked up and saw Shen Xuanqing; his expression remained the same, and he was relieved that he hadn’t thought of abandoning Lu Gu.
Most people got a fulang to live a decent life. It wasn’t easy for peasants to marry, and few were willing to marry a sick seedling and drag them back. Besides, Lu Gu had been bought back by others. How could Shen Xuanqing care whether he could support himself or not? It would be good if he wasn’t thrown out.

Once the medicine was finished, it was inconvenient to stay, and there were still various things to do when they went back. Shen Xuanqing asked Wang Langzhong when Lu Gu would need to come to change the medicine next.
It was said that the road for the enemy was narrow, and the path they took wouldn’t pass in front of Lu’s house, but who knew, they bumped into Du Hehua. She was gathering wild vegetables in the field behind the village, which was usually Lu Gu’s job.
In her eyes, how could she not complain if she did more work for nothing, and she cursed a few words from time to time.
She was afraid of Shen Xuanqing. Lu Daxiang was still lying in bed today, and no one would give her a head, so even if she resented Lu Gu, she was like the water mussels in the river—her mouth would be closed immediately; only after the two of them walked away would she turn back and spit on the ground.
It was the most intolerable thing to hit a woman; Du Hehua didn’t even flirt today, and Shen Xuanqing didn’t bother to look at her.
As for Lu Gu, he hadn’t been beaten in the Shen family for the past two days and even had enough to eat. It was a surprise to see that Du Hehua hadn’t scolded him.
——
After returning, only Wei Lanxiang was at home; Shen Yaoqing had sent his wife back to her parents’ house, and Shen Yan had put the ducks in the pond behind the house.
Seeing that Wei Lanxiang was peeling the beans, Lu Gu hurriedly came over to help. He crouched down in a rush to work, and Shen Xuanqing moved a small stool for him to sit on.
When he was at the Lu family, no one would fetch him a stool, and it made Lu Gu become more and more respectful toward Shen Xuanqing.
He understood that the Shen family treated him well today because they were good people, not as dark-hearted as Du Hehua. The days of being beaten and scolded and not having enough to eat had passed.
Wei Lanxiang saw that his hands were quick and sure, and he didn’t seem lazy or slippery at all, which made her feel more at ease.
She saw that Lu Gu’s face was much better today than yesterday, and when she saw Shen Xuanqing taking out the medicine bag from the kitchen, she said, “You go to the backyard first to collect the eggs, and come here to fry the medicine, and the rest you don’t have to do.”
Lu Gu quickly got up and went to the under-eaves of the kitchen to fetch the bamboo basket, which he had seen yesterday when Shen Yan used it to collect eggs.
To reach the Shen family’s backyard, you had to pass along the road between the east mud wall, about half a zhang wide, wide enough for two people to run side by side.
Originally, you could go to the backyard through the main room, but most of the houses built in recent years sealed the back of the main room with a mud wall, isolating it from the backyard, and the Shen family was no exception.
This layout was originally found only in villages near Fenggu Town, and gradually spread to the surrounding areas.
Farmers with a bit more means liked to raise some livestock, and they could sell them to earn more money if they didn’t eat them. However, raising livestock meant the smell of dung, and in summer, flies would swarm.
By separating the backyard where the animals were kept from the main room, there would naturally be fewer flies in the house, and the smell would be cleaner.
The nobles in town all paid attention to clean eating; the dirty and dark insects in food could easily make people sick. Those high-ranking officials had said that now was a peaceful and prosperous year, and these ideas gradually spread; even the people in the village were willing to be particular about it, and it would be a good thing to discuss with the townsfolk.
Lu Gu smelled the scent of burning medicine, and he saw grass and ash scattered all over the narrow road, with some unburned hay stems. He knew this was used to smoke and drive away flies.
The three walls in the backyard were all mud walls, not fence walls. It showed that the Shen family took great care when building the house.
Chickens and ducks were raised separately, and the Shen family’s backyard was quite large. The chicken pen was surrounded by a bamboo fence, and a dozen chickens were digging and pecking everywhere.
As soon as Lu Gu arrived in the backyard, he saw the three dogs on a leash; Da Hui was alert for a moment, but after seeing him, it settled back down onto its belly. Only the two small dogs barked a few times. Fortunately, the chicken pen was far from the kennel, or he wouldn’t dare to go in.
There were chicken coops with hay mats and bamboo coops on both sides of the chicken yard, and Lu Gu looked around for eggs.
He didn’t know how hens laid eggs, but he tried to look for one under the chicken coop. If you wanted to touch the eggs laid by others, of course, you had to act when the hens weren’t paying attention. Lu Gu quickly picked up the eggs; the hens flapped their wings but didn’t peck at his hand, and walked away with clucks.
Suddenly, Da Hui stood up, barked toward Lu Gu.
At the same time, Lu Gu’s back grew cold, and when he turned, he saw that the thin black dog that was supposed to be on a leash had slipped off, its fangs glinting.