Chapter 82 Part 21


When the steamed buns were finished, even if it wasn’t time for lunch, the whole family would eat together while the buns were hot and fresh. Machicai was chewy, mixed with meat and tofu, and it was very delicious—much more delicious than the pure wild-vegetable buns Lu Gu had eaten before. Eggplant steamed buns were also tasty, because in summer, when they ate eggplant buns here, they always added green chili peppers. It only tasted good with a spicy kick. Wei Lanxiang also brought a bowl of chili oil to dip the buns in. 

Eating and drinking at home, the morning passed. The sun came out, but it was still not very warm. Clouds drifted across the sky to shade the sun from time to time. It wasn’t snowing today, so Shen Xuanqing had nothing to do; he carried a bamboo basket and went up the mountain to pick the fruits of the claw tree (木拐爪). Some people in town called these jujubes, which were sweeter after snowfall, so it was time to pick them up.

[
木拐爪
Hovenia dulcis
is used as medicine, which has high medicinal value and economic value. It has a cooling and diuretic effect when used as medicine
]

“Then you all go, I’ll be at home with your sister-in-law.”

Wei Lanxiang added two sticks of firewood to the clay stove. It was cold and they had to drink hot tea; you could drink whenever you wanted to drink, otherwise you would be very thirsty if you only boiled water when you were really thirsty.

Shen Xuanqing, Lu Gu, and Shen Yan went up the mountain together. The snow on the mountain was still there. There was a claw tree in front of the mountain, not far from home, so Shen Xuanqing didn’t let the dog follow.

After they left, Shen Yaoqing went out for a walk. He was the eldest son, and he would want to inquire about everything in the village. The Zhang family was still in chaos. It wasn’t good to go in and inquire at this time, so he went to Quanzi’s house.

Shen Xuanqing followed the memory to find the claw tree. A lot of the claw fruits had fallen to the ground, some buried in snow and hay. When the fruits ripened, they would fall off by themselves. Large and small bundles were picked by pinching the twigs and put into the bamboo basket.

The claw fruits looked like wood, but they were a kind of fruit. They must be ripe to taste sweet, otherwise they would be astringent. The claw tree was too tall to climb, and there were mostly unripe fruits on the tree, so there was no need to use a hook to reach them—just pick up the ones on the ground.

Shen Yan broke off some twigs to taste, and said, “Brother Guzi, it’s quite sweet; we can eat it when we go back and wash it.”

Lu Gu picked up the claw fruits in the snow; his fingers were stiff from the cold. He also tasted them, and they were really crunchy and sweet. He remembered that this fruit could be used to make wine.

It was good to be able to eat sweet fruits in winter.

The three of them worked hard to pick them in the snow. Shen Xuanqing, who had been running on the mountains since childhood, knew where claw trees were. The three of them walked on the mountains to collect the claw fruits for nearly an hour, and their bamboo basket was full.

There were a lot of claw fruits on the tree that were still unripe, and when the fruits ripened, they could come to pick them up again at that time. If they couldn’t finish eating them at home, they could sell them. On the way down, they met villagers who also wanted to pick the claw fruits.

When they came out, they only carried a bamboo basket on their backs, and they didn’t pick anymore once the basket was full. Besides, there were not only two or three claw trees on the mountain, but there were other places if you went around.

After arriving home, both Lu Gu and Shen Yan put their hands on the Tang pozi to keep warm, thinking that it was really good and warm to have this thing.

Wei Lanxiang and Ji Qiuyue took the scissors and cut off the black and moldy parts of the claw fruits, and put the rest into the bamboo plaque. It was not easy to touch water in this winter, so they washed them and dried them. If you wanted to eat it, you could eat it, and it could be eaten directly without washing.

“Pick the claw fruits up two more times; we will steam and dry them, after that soak them with some wine, so this year we can drink the sweet wine. If there is more, we can boil it into syrup. At that time, we will make hair cakes (发糕) and curd cheese. It’s also a rarity to entertain guests during the New Year,” Wei Lanxiang said while cutting the claw fruits.

Ji Qiuyue responded: “This is good. If there is a lot of syrup, when we eat tianwogen, we don’t need to dip it in honey. We can dip it in the syrup.”

The sweetness of tianwogen was too weak. The honey Shen Xuanqing found this year was not for sale. Honey was precious after all. Sometimes she couldn’t bear to eat it, but with the syrup from the claw fruits, she didn’t need to be so frugal.