Chapter 107


By the riverbank, Shen Xuanqing rinsed the knife and the iron plier in the water for a long time. Killing the thief wouldn’t cost him his life, provided the thief was caught with the stolen goods. Huang Da hadn’t stolen anything today; it was him, Da Chen, and others who had colluded to manufacture trouble. Without the stolen goods as evidence, killing him would be difficult.

The thief’s feet were slippery and he often came out at night. He didn’t have the time to linger in front of Huang Da’s house, so it might as well be him who got beaten up while he was still in the village.

But Huang Da shouldn’t have done anything like that—offending Lu Gu with dirty words and making irresponsible remarks.

The world now was not peaceful or secure. Not to mention Lu Gu, his family still had Shen Yan, who hadn’t married yet. Shen Yan often brought the ducks from home to the river, sometimes alone. Now that Shen Yan had grown up and would marry in two or three years, she had to be on guard when she went out.

It was this incident that reminded him. When Shen Yan went out, he would have his family follow her. Two were better than one. Anyway, they were just watching the ducks behind the house. It wasn’t far, and Ji Qiuyue could accompany her as well.

This kind of lowly scum like Huang Da was a coward, but if he felt he couldn’t protect himself, he would become extraordinarily fearless at times. There were several girls and shuang’ers who had grown up in the village, all from innocent and good families. Not to mention other men, this kind of idle man who was always restless and harbored bad intentions must be beaten first and made to fear the consequences—at least he wouldn’t dare to mess around in Qingxi Village.

In fact, he never wanted to kill anyone. Who would be willing to take a human life? Besides, Ji Qiuyue was pregnant, and their family was about to have a new baby, so killing wasn’t an option. He cut Huang Da’s tongue just to scare him. He only cut a little.

Originally he felt he had vented his anger after breaking Huang Da’s leg, but after Wei Lanxiang told Shen Yaoqing the incident again, he remembered the disgusting words Huang Da had said to Lu Gu, and the more he thought about it, the more he felt that he had let him off too lightly. Moreover, Huang Da had fainted after his legs were broken. He didn’t know if this person had enough brains to learn from his mistake, so he came over to have a look, in case his nature was hard to change, and he would have to deal with it again.

When he came over, he actually heard Huang Da scolding him behind his back, and he couldn’t help but deal with it.

Shen Xuanqing held the short knife and the iron plier and swung them in the river. The water splashed and the dirt washed away. Then he picked up the wet knife and iron plier, shook off the water drops on his hands, and walked home.

After he was fifteen years old, he rarely fought with others. The last fight was at the Lu family. The Lu family had embezzled his family’s twenty taels of silver. Due to the power of the Li family, he could only endure it. However Du Hehua was too aggressive and cursed him. He got angry and broke Lu Daxiang’s leg. Since he couldn’t get the money back, naturally he couldn’t let the Lu family enjoy it for food and drink, and the treatment for injuries was the most expensive.

A few days ago, he heard someone tell a joke about the Lu family. Lu Daxiang’s lame leg hadn’t healed yet, because the money was in Du Hehua’s hands, and she was unwilling to spend more money to treat his lame leg. The two of them had originally united in mistreating Lu Gu, but now they had a small quarrel every three days and a big quarrel every five days over money. It had become a common laughing matter in Anjia Village.

The reason why Du Hehua dared to argue with Lu Daxiang and refused to back down was Lu Wen. She always told others about her son-in-law all the time and showed off in Anjia Village that she had a rich and powerful son-in-law. However Lu Wen was just a concubine. Not to mention Old Lady Zhang (Li Mingshan’s mother), even Li Mingshan had never been to Anjia Village once. They didn’t regard them as mother-in-law or relatives at all. Not all country people were stupid, and those who knew the truth laughed at her behind her back.

As soon as he turned into the village, Shen Xuanqing saw a puppy playing with the dogs. There were more people, so he put the knife and iron plier behind his waist without deliberately exposing them.

“Woof!” The puppy ran over excitedly, its ears dangled, clearly having fun.

“Where have you been?” Lu Gu asked as soon as he came in and set the rabbit cage on the ground.

“I took a walk by the river,” Shen Xuanqing replied, there was no need to tell Lu Gu about those dirty things.

Rabbits often stayed in the woodshed. They were taken out to sun themselves every few days and left in a semi-shady place to allow them to take a breath of fresh air, otherwise it would be too damp.

The six little rabbits that were born last winter were already half-grown. The nests were thickly padded and a brazier had been lit during the coldest period. They all survived. Together with the three living rabbits caught during this period, there were a total of eleven rabbits, including the old rabbits. It was a lot. Lu Gu stuffed them with grass and looked up at Shen Xuanqing after he was done.

“What’s wrong?” He felt something strange and wore a worried expression.

Shen Xuanqing smiled and said, “It’s okay, it’s just that my hair is dirty and I want you to boil some water.”

Boiling water isn’t difficult, after all.

Seeing the bright smile on his face, Lu Gu also curved his eyes and smiled faintly.