Chapter 116 Part 20


“Stones and mud aren’t a problem,” Shen Yaoqing said, kicking a stone on the ground. “It’s only a matter of how large a piece of land you want.”

Shen Xuanqing looked at the barren ground, strewn with stones and mud. The thatched huts would have to be torn down. Their village had reclaimed enough farmland elsewhere, and no one cared for the land here. It was treated as wasteland, often used to raise cattle and sheep.

The wind blew from the river, carrying a damp, slightly sour smell. He paused, then said, “Why not choose this place? It’s just a matter of leveling the land, and the land will be cheaper.”

“Look at this vacant plot, about five mu, which should be enough,” Shen Xuanqing said slowly.

[Mu mǔ: unit of area equal to one fifteenth of a hectare]

“Five mu?” Shen Yaoqing was surprised. He’d thought Shen Xuanqing only wanted a small piece of land to raise rabbits.

Shen Xuanqing smiled. “Five mu isn’t a lot, brother. Have you forgotten? The Gong family’s farm in the city occupies a great deal of land, even with forests. There are peach and pear trees and other fruit trees planted there. In a year, the livestock and mountain products shipped to the city would require at least twenty or thirty carts to transport them all.”

“We’re going to raise rabbits, but instead of building a house only, it would be better to enclose a larger plot and raise chickens and ducks freely. Besides farming, we don’t have any other skills except collecting firewood or doing hard labor. Not only is it exhausting, but what we can earn is just barely enough to live on.”

“If you ask me, raising more animals and selling them—either individually or through connections to restaurants and taverns—to supply them—is better than hard labor.”

Hearing this, Shen Yaoqing grew more and more excited. How could he not understand? It would be better to raise chickens, ducks, and rabbits than to do hard labor and risk injury. After all, it was a decent way to earn a living.

When they returned home and told Wei Lanxiang about it, the two brothers brought some wine and a rabbit and went to seek Lin Zhongcai.

In the backyard, Lu Gu and Shen Yan were chopping grass for the chickens. Lu Gu told Shen Yan that the five mu of land was large enough to raise rabbits, chickens, and ducks there in the future. The younger sister-in-law opened her almond-shaped eyes wide, surprised and happy.

Guaizi circled around the two of them, rubbed against Lu Gu’s back, and whimpered a few times. Seeing Lu Gu busy with the grass and not paying him any mind, he stood in front of the rabbit hutch and looked inside curiously. Because he had been beaten before, he knew not to bark at the rabbits in the hutch, so he was relatively well-behaved today.

It took two days to buy the land. Everyone involved was from the same village. Shen Xuanqing was a hunter and knew martial arts; he was a good person and bore almost no grudges against the villagers. He quickly bought the land along with the dilapidated cogon huts that stood there. As for the unowned land, the measurements and the deed were handled by Lin Zhongcai, and then he and Shen Xuanqing went to the government office together.

The barren, vacant land was the cheapest, and with Lin Zhongcai’s help, Shen Xuanqing finally obtained the land deed. It cost him six taels and three hundred copper coins after two days of running around, which was much cheaper than paying for farm land in the open market.

Ji Qiuyue was pregnant, and Shen Yaoqing was responsible for her food and clothing. Compared with hunting, farming didn’t bring in much money, so Shen Xuanqing did not let him pay for the land purchase. In this way, it was clearer who held the land deed, and there would be no need for further words.

The two brothers had always been close and never quarrelled. If one paid, the other would take on the work.