Chapter 65


Chapter 65
Shen Xuanqing froze again. This book was shameful. Before they were married, he borrowed books from other men in the village and read them in private, behind their backs. But thinking about it now, he felt a twinge of irritation. If Fulang found out that he was reading this kind of book, his face would be ruined.

When he left in the morning, he didn’t know what to think, so he carried the books with him. When he arrived here, he saw Lu Gu cooking, and he slipped into the room and hid the books in a box. He deliberately picked a large box for the quilts, while the clothes box stood open all day, so he didn’t dare stuff the books there, and he never expected Lu Gu would discover them within half a day.

“Yeah.” He hesitated; his answer wasn’t as sharp as usual, and it showed at a glance.

Lu Gu grew more and more puzzled, and subconsciously turned his head to look at the books in the box, thinking that he shouldn’t damage the books when he took the quilts just now. His glance made Shen Xuanqing feel even more embarrassed, afraid that Lu Gu would pick them up and read them, and his heart would jump for a moment. He had never panicked in the face of wild beasts in the mountains, so he quickly stepped forward and closed the box directly.

“It’s not a good book.” Shen Xuanqing drew his hand back, looking a little flustered and embarrassed. Seeing Lu Gu’s brows furrowed and his expression confused, he realized that he had accidentally told the truth, so he hurriedly amended, “I mean the book isn’t valuable. It could be flattened even if it’s wrinkled and pressed, so it’s not a problem.”

If someone else asked why he didn’t take it out to read, otherwise the book he bought would be a waste if he hid it in a box. But Lu Gu didn’t question him; he nodded, indicating he understood. He didn’t understand the book, and he always felt that what Shen Xuanqing said made sense. Since he was so old, he only knew two characters, so it was better not to complicate things.

Besides, Shen Xuanqing usually had to do a lot of work, and he didn’t have time to read books. It was fine to put them in the box. Recently it had been cloudy and rainy, and if the books were outside, they would get damp.

The water in the kitchen was already boiling, so he took the small Tang Pozi to fill it with hot water. After he left, Shen Xuanqing stood in place and breathed a sigh of relief. Fortunately, Lu Gu wasn’t inquisitive and believed everything he said.

Lu Gu poured boiling water into it and screwed the cap tightly so it wouldn’t leak. Before lifting it, Lu Gu laid a hand on Tang Pozi and covered it. It was hot, even a little hot. He smiled and rolled his eyes.

“Wash with hot water; there’s still some in the pot.” Seeing Shen Xuanqing come in to scoop up water to wash his hands, he quickly withdrew his hands and helped him scoop a scoop of hot water.

Shen Xuanqing squatted down to wash his hands. Although he wasn’t as panicked as before, he was still thinking about other things. He rubbed the wild soapberries in his hands very slowly. Finally he raised his head, looked at Lu Gu who came out with Tang Pozi, and asked, “Did you read the book? No?”

If the wind had blown up when he took out the quilt and accidentally opened the book cover, Lu Gu would surely know; the pictures on it were so detailed that you could tell what kind of book it was at a glance.

Lu Gu didn’t sense his nervousness at all, shook his head, and said, “No.”

Shen Xuanqing’s heartbeat settled back into place, and then he remembered something and asked, “Do you know how to read?”

Back in the Lu family, reading and writing were always something Lu Wen did, so whenever he mentioned books and calligraphy, Lu Gu would inevitably think of him.

“I don’t know.” Lu Gu shook his head, hesitantly pursed his lower lip, lowered his head, and said in a low voice, “I can write my name.”

Lu Wen was literate, and everyone in Anjia Village knew it. The Shen family must have known it when they became engaged. In Anjia Village, there were sometimes women and fulangs who came to Lu Wen to have letters read or questions asked, and the villagers sometimes praised Lu Wen when they gossiped.

He didn’t think there was anything wrong with complimenting Lu Wen. People who could read were capable; they didn’t blame others for boasting.

But a few times he overheard others saying that they were all raised by the same family, and yet Lu Wen was really a promising shuang’er. Even if he was a fool, he could still hear the men chewing their tongues, saying he was worthless, and it made him feel a little sad.

It would be fine if someone asked. Now in front of Shen Xuanqing, he didn’t want to look too worthless, at least, at least he knew two characters.