Chapter 86 Part 9


How could Luo Biao know about the fight between the Li family’s wife and concubine? Well, that was a family matter, and the wretches and beggars he found couldn’t enter the Li family’s gate. But after a little inquiry, he could tell that Luo Hongsi was not someone who could be bullied—at least she was the eldest lady of the town’s cloth shop, so inevitably she had a bad temper.

Even he knew that Lu Wen’s life shouldn’t be easy, so Shen Xuanqing could naturally think about it too.

Others didn’t know that Lu Wen also harbored resentment in his heart. He couldn’t be a proper fulang. Li Mingshan had married his wife just three days after he came in. There were red silks to decorate the house and a big banquet held at home. The wedding night in the bridal chamber was also very lively, but he could only sit alone in his room and listen to it, almost wringing the handkerchief in his hand.

He had done everything to make Li Mingshan marry him. At first, he let Li Mingshan tell this matter to his family, but that bastard couldn’t even make a decision about his marriage and didn’t dare to see him, so he went to the brothel to drink flower wine.

He overheard this incident on the street. He didn’t believe it at first, but those two men made it clear that it was Li Mingshan. When he came back to ask the servant, the servant who was always with Li Mingshan looked around and looked flustered; everything became clear.

He was so angry; he also saw a bit of Li Mingshan’s lustful nature. There was a moment of regret—he regretted that he had misjudged him—but the matter had come to this point, and he could only be the fulang of the Li family. He had given up on justice, integrity, and honor. He didn’t believe that with his appearance and means, he couldn’t make Li Mingshan devoted to him.

He did it, even if Li Mingshan married his first wife, he lingered in his wife’s room for a few days before coming to him again. Lu Wen didn’t know that Li Mingshan was getting bored and came to change his dishes. He was smart, and after suffering in the Li family these days, he gradually saw some things clearly.

However, Li Mingshan was really kind to him, and he wouldn’t give in at all when he quarreled with the old lady, buying him a lot of silk, satin, gold hairpins and jade hairpins, all kinds of expensive food and clothing, so he could bear it in his heart. The old lady hated him, and if he wanted to live in Li’s house, she had to hold Li Mingshan firmly in his hands.

Lu Gu didn’t know Lu Wen’s various thoughts; he only came back to his senses when he blinked after listening to Shen Xuanqing. Before marrying him, he only knew that Lu Wen had relationships with the people in the town, but today he found out that the man’s name was Li Mingshan. Not to mention other places, the daughters and Shuang’er of good country families here only wanted to marry a decent man, and only those who couldn’t make it through would sell their daughter or Shuang’er to be a concubine.

As for Lu Wen, he thought that even in town, Lu Wen could be a fulang. Not to mention anything else, he had never seen anyone who looked better than Lu Wen, so he was stunned for a while by the fact that Lu Wen was a concubine.

“Don’t think too much, we won’t have any relationship with him in the future.” Shen Xuanqing smiled.

After such a long time, Lu Wen and Li Mingshan didn’t use any means to deal with them. Before, he let Li Mingshan get entangled in the brothel, and now Lu Wen had entered Li’s house, and a lot of things were waiting for him.

Besides, he heard from Luo Biao that Mrs. Zhang hated Lu Wen very much. She should have checked the information about the Lu family. Lu Wen and him were engaged and almost married. When he thought about it, Lu Wen wouldn’t dare to mention it in front of the Li family; otherwise, it would only attract more disgust from the Li family.

If there was any trouble in the future, they could only try to solve it, and there was no need to worry about it right now.

“Yeah.” Lu Gu nodded; he was simple and didn’t understand those corners, so he could only listen to Shen Xuanqing. He peeled the winter bamboo shoots and asked, “Do you want to eat dried fish? At noon, I will fry a bowl with dried chili.”

When he saw that Shen Xuanqing really didn’t take this matter too seriously, Shen Xuanqing smiled lightly and said, “Okay, I’ll eat whatever you cook.”

Shen Xuanqing’s smile was so beautiful that Lu Gu also quietly bent his eyes.

The winter bamboo shoots needed to be blanched to remove the bitterness. Shen Xuanqing chopped the chicken after killing it. Lu Gu stewed the chicken with the clay stove. The chicken needed to be stewed longer to taste better. In the morning, they woke later than in summer, and it would be almost noon when the chicken soup was ready, and it would always be hot when it was simmered on a low flame.

The sun didn’t come out much today, and the sky wasn’t very good.

The lunch was very rich: chicken with winter bamboo shoots soup and fried dried fish with chili. Because Wei Lanxiang said she wanted to eat dry rice, Lu Gu steamed a lot of rice; the chicken soup was bright, and the dried fish was very spicy and delicious.

While eating, Ji Qiuyue also said that his cooking skills were getting better and better, and he felt a little embarrassed.

Having nothing to do after dinner, Shen Xuanqing untied the dog chains and let them run outside. The dogs, accustomed to living in the mountains, inevitably howled after being tied up for so long.

These dogs were good at hunting, but because the women and children in the village were afraid of their sharp teeth, Shen Xuanqing also went out to watch and told them to run on the hillside behind the village instead of going into the village.

Dahui and the puppy were also outside. Because it was close to the mountain, many villagers kept dogs, and those that could be released generally wouldn’t bite people.

Dogs liked to play together; one ran to the back of the village, and the others followed.