Chapter 115


Shen Xuanqing always had his own ideas, and Shen Yaoqing was also a man of great foresight. Although they said it was a family discussion, in reality it was the two brothers who talked it through and decided to buy the land.

Lu Gu listened quietly beside Shen Xuanqing. He was timid and cautious, and aware that he wasn’t very bright, so he didn’t want to interrupt on such an important matter as buying land. After the agreement was reached, he merely smiled slightly at Shen Xuanqing to show that he had no objection.

“Tomorrow is free. Let’s walk around the village to see where the land is suitable.” Shen Yaoqing said after taking a drink.

“Hm, that makes sense,” Shen Xuanqing nodded.

The sun had already set and the sky was growing dark. Without waiting for Lu Gu to get busy, Wei Lanxiang called Shen Yan into the kitchen to boil water. Regardless of what others might say, she thought it was right to let Lu Gu and Shen Xuanqing soak their feet comfortably that night.

The next morning.

After a peaceful night’s sleep, Lu Gu opened his eyes. His thoughts were not clear at first when he woke; he only realized he was at home when he heard Shen Yan’s voice outside.

Shen Xuanqing, who was sleeping beside him, also woke up. He turned over, pulled Lu Gu into his arms, and said in a hoarse voice, “Sleep a little longer. My mother is busy cooking and boiling water.”

Lu Gu couldn’t get up because he was held, so he could only hum softly. Under the warm quilt, he hesitantly raised his hand, but still rested it on Shen Xuanqing’s waist.

This gentle and careful response made the man who was still trying to sleep open his eyes. He couldn’t help but smile brightly and lowered his voice, “Do you want to hug me too?”

Lu Gu’s ears grew hot, and his eyes were panicked as he avoided looking at the man’s smiling face. He wanted to withdraw his hand, but Shen Xuanqing hugged him tighter. The joy from the depths of his heart moved him to obey his heart. He didn’t answer, but he boldly imitated Shen Xuanqing and hugged him, wrapping his arms around his back and pressing his hands gently against that strong, sturdy waist.

Because the two were so close, Lu Gu felt his face and ears burning. If this ever got out, he wouldn’t be able to go out and meet other people. How could a fulang take the initiative to cling to a man?

At this moment, Shen Xuanqing’s deep laughter grew more and more complacent and teasing, as if he had grabbed Lu Gu’s pigtail, making him so shy that he buried his face in the broad chest and didn’t dare to lift his head again.

[小辫子 xiǎo biàn zi: lit. pigtail; fig. a shortcoming or evidence of wrongdoing that can be seized upon by others]

Laughing and hugging, Shen Xuanqing didn’t forget to take advantage of the moment to gain a little benefit, and the two of them got up only after their playful moment had passed.

The first thing Lu Gu did after breakfast was to go to the woodshed to check on the rabbits. Sure enough, some of them had recovered; they looked lively and had eaten a lot of the grass given to them at night. However, the mountain road was long and bumpy, so most of the rabbits were still weak.

Shen Xuanqing came in and said, “Two pheasants and four rabbits are left for the family to eat.”

“Yes.” Lu Gu nodded. It was difficult to tell male from female rabbits in the cage. He pointed at the energetic ones and asked, “Can they be used as breeding rabbits?”

Shen Xuanqing came over to take a look and said, “Yes.”

There was an empty bamboo basket at the woodshed, and Lu Gu took it. Shen Xuanqing opened the bamboo cage, pulled out the rabbits that were in good spirits and placed them in the bamboo basket, picking out four male rabbits and five female rabbits.

“There are already six male and five female rabbits in the backyard. If we use these to make a total of ten pairs of breeding rabbits, we won’t have to bother to separate them for mating.” Shen Xuanqing picked up the heavy bamboo basket and headed toward the backyard.

When Lu Gu heard this, he said, “Ten pairs, if one pair can give birth to four little rabbits, that will be forty.”

He and Shen Xuanqing had been on the mountain for a month. Not counting the ones they ate, there were twenty-six live rabbits they brought back from the mountain, not to mention that there were five or six rabbits in a litter.

“Yes.” Shen Xuanqing said with a smile. “I’ll breed these rabbits for the next two months. There are only sixteen rabbit hutches in the backyard, and four pairs of them need to be raised in cages. If I breed too many, there won’t be room at home. We have to wait until we choose a good site and build a house. Once the house is built, we can breed ten more pairs, making twenty pairs in total, and they will give birth to even more rabbits.”

The two of them grew happier as they talked. Shen Yaoqing, who was shoveling chicken and duck manure on the ground in the backyard, overheard and joked with a smile: “People say that those who farm the land and own many properties are rich and powerful. Then our family will be a rich family that raises rabbits in the future.”

He set the shovel aside and helped pair the rabbits with Shen Xuanqing.

Rabbits are easy to breed. The first five female rabbits were already pregnant, and some of them had visibly enlarged bellies. Lately, the family had been feeding them fresh grass every day, and the care was meticulous.

Rabbits kept in cages were indeed not as energetic as rabbits running around in the wild, but these rabbits could dig holes. They were wild, untamed, and didn’t recognize people. It would be a waste if they ran away, so they could only be kept penned.