Chapter 51 Part 4


Remembering that he hadn’t dug loach recently, the sun was hot now, and it wasn’t cold in the water, so he took off his shoes and socks and went to the river to dig the mud to find the loach. The loach would have to be raised for two days to spit out the sand, so it wouldn’t be too late; Shen Xuanqing would definitely come back tomorrow, just in time to eat.

The fish soup was made with miscellaneous fishes, and the stewed loach would be a little too much, so he cut the loach into long pieces and fried it, added some dried chili and pepper, and fried it with a little more oil to make it spicy.

There was a lot of work to be done. While Lu Gu was digging the mud, he was thinking that it was time to pick goji berries tomorrow. Once he got busy, he forgot the loneliness of being alone, and the puppy barked from time to time, and the ducks quacked. It was still lively.

In the middle of the afternoon, he drove the ducks out of the pond, put them in the fence with the chickens to let them eat grass, cut the grass and carried it to the backyard for the dwarf deer to eat, and found sour red berries and other things outside.

The pair of wild rabbits that Shen Xuanqing caught alive before were still alive, and they were brought home when the autumn harvest. Because the mother rabbit was pregnant, she didn't bring the cubs, so Shen Yan raised them. When she made a litter of rabbit cubs, the cubs could be raised to sell.

The sun moved to the west, and before evening came, Lu Gu drove the chickens and ducks back to the backyard. Before cooking, he looked at the door for a while, although his eyes were full of disappointment, he still went back to cook and work.

After eating alone, he also fed the puppy. It was still bright, so he took a needle and thread and sat in the yard to embroider a sachet. When the afterglow of the setting sun fell, he thought that Shen Xuanqing wouldn’t come back, and thought that he would lock the gate of the courtyard after the flower was embroidered, but before the flower was embroidered, he heard a dog barking in the distance, and the puppy barked. Lu Gu couldn't care about anything else, put down the things at hand and ran out in a hurry.

Shen Xuanqing came back, carrying two pieces of red fox fur slung over the long fork on his shoulders. There were quite a lot of equipment used in hunting, such as bow and arrow and slingshot, as well as a spear and a long fork, hatchet and machete. When he went out to spend the night in the deep mountains, apart from the long fork, he brought a hatchet, machete, and several knives of different sizes.

He also carried a bow and arrow, but it was useless, because the arrows would damage the fur. When hunting the foxes, most hunters used slingshots with clay projectiles to hit. It was best to stun them, but it depended on the hunter's eyesight, ability, and quick response.

Skinning was a bloody job, and it was not easy for Lu Gu to see it, so as soon as the fox was caught, Shen Xuanqing peeled off the fox's fur and only brought back the fur.

"You're back." Lu Gu ran forward, excited by the joy and didn't know what to say for a moment.

"Well, I'm back," Shen Xuanqing said with a smile. Seeing that Lu Gu was in a hurry to help him carry the bamboo basket, he handed over the long fork. This one was light, but there were all kinds of things in the bamboo basket.

Lu Gu walked beside him and looked at him, he said: "This is fox fur."

Shen Xuanqing was very happy to hear his fulang’s voice, and said, "Yes, this is. If I can catch more this year, I will give you a few pieces of fox fur to make a quilt, cover with it and be warm at night in winter."

Hunting foxes was not an easy task, otherwise the fox fur wouldn’t be sold at a high price. Shen Xuanqing wanted to leave some furs for Lu Gu, as the further back the mountains, the colder it would be at night, there was a fox fur quilt that was light and warm. And his mother didn't even wear fox fur yet, so it wasn’t good to be so obviously partial to Lu Gu; if it was made into a fox fur quilt, it wouldn’t be as conspicuous as fox fur. Besides, if you made fox fur quilts, it didn’t matter if the color of the fox fur was not good. He’d killed a few more stupid mixed-haired foxes and made fox fur quilts for his mother. Older people didn’t have a good winter like they did when they were young.

Lu Gu wanted to say that he didn't need it; it would be very warm with a cotton quilt, and it was more important to sell it for money, but he didn't know how to refuse. Shen Xuanqing was so happy, he didn't dare to go against his kindness, so he nodded in agreement, thinking about what to say when the time came.

Back in the yard, Lu Gu was about to cook, put down the long fork and said: "Today, there are fishes and shrimps in the net. It takes a lot of time to stew the fish. I'll fry river shrimps for you, and rice wine."

"Okay, you can do whatever you want." Shen Xuanqing unloaded the bamboo basket, and his handsome face was full of smiles.

Lu Gu was cooking in the kitchen, and listening to Shen Xuanqing's movements outside made him feel more at ease. The sound of the big dogs and the puppy playing and fighting made the courtyard lively and made him feel at ease and no longer afraid.

After a hot meal, his fulang sat beside him, and Shen Xuanqing was so satisfied.

Because he spent the night outside, his body was unavoidably dirty, and after running in the mountains for two days, sweating was unavoidable. After eating and resting for a while, he said he wanted to take a bath, and Lu Gu went to the kitchen to boil a large pot of water for him. Shen Xuanqing moved the bathtub into the kitchen, adding a big firewood to the bottom of the pot later to make it warmer.

It was already dark, there was a lot of water boiled. Lu Gu also took a bath, he washed first, now it was Shen Xuanqing's turn; he went into the room and made the bed in the dark, reluctant to light the lamp and lay down, besides, there was nothing to do at night.

After Shen Xuanqing dried his hair with the fire in front of the stove, he also went to bed in the dark after entering the room. Lu Gu hadn't slept yet, and he really felt at ease after lying next to someone. Shen Xuanqing came to hug him without saying a word, closing his eyes and going to sleep. Unexpectedly, Shen Xuanqing couldn't sleep, and gradually became restless.