Chapter 110 Part 19


Since Shen Xuanqing was going to the northern forest, which wasn’t far away, and Lu Gu had nothing else to do in the yard, he simply followed along. Before leaving, Shen Xuanqing tied Dabai with a rope, worried that he might move around and hinder his recovery, and set out a bowl of water and some steamed buns within reach.

Few people ventured into the deep mountains and forests—only hunters or herbalists. The northern forest was home to many wild animals and many traps, so people didn’t come there often; rabbits and pheasants were easy to find. Dahui quickly caught one and brought it back to Shen Xuanqing, laying it at his feet. The puppy hadn’t caught anything yet, but he was thrilled. After Shen Xuanqing called to him, he stopped barking, or he’d alert the prey in the woods.

When the scent of a gray rabbit was detected, the puppy leaned forward and arched his back in a hunting stance. Shen Xuanqing gave a light signal, and he dashed forward like an arrow, rustling the grasses and sweeping up the fallen leaves. He really ran faster than a rabbit. When the puppy was little, he’d been well fed, so he was fat and round. He spent so much time in front of Lu Gu’s eyes that Lu Gu hadn’t noticed many changes and differences. Now, seeing the puppy sprint back with the rabbit in his mouth, agile and strong, Lu Gu suddenly felt that the pup had grown up.

After catching four rabbits and a pheasant, they returned with the three dogs. The puppy showed off his power again today, very proud and happy, running around with his tail wagging.

Before the sun went down, Shen Xuanqing killed a rabbit and shared it with the dogs, giving the most to Dabai. While washing his hands, he looked up at Lu Gu, who was packing away the sewing basket, and said, “It’s still early. Can you boil some water for me to wash up? There’s a lot of dirt from the forest, and I carried Dabai all the way, so I’m a little dirty. Now that there’s sunshine, I can wash my hair and dry it in the sun.”

“Okay, I’ll boil some water for you.” Lu Gu agreed, put away the sewing basket, and carried the firewood into the kitchen.

While he was boiling water, Shen Xuanqing moved the bathtub into the kitchen. Before coming down the mountain last year, he had turned the tub upside down on the ground to prevent too much dust from accumulating. This time, a quick wipe would do.

Today was not a peaceful day, and they only felt a little peace after they lay down at night. “How long will it take for Dabai’s injury to heal?” Lu Gu asked in the darkness, unable to sleep.

“It’s hard to say. Maybe two or three months. We’ll bring Dabai down the mountain in a few days and raise him at home.” Shen Xuanqing said, thinking about hunting in the future. Dabai was injured and couldn’t move, and Guaizi was left for Lu Gu. There would be only two hunting dogs left.

There were many ferocious beasts in the mountains, such as jackals, tigers, leopards, wild boars, and bears. It wasn’t easy to deal with them. When he was still learning, Lao Yang had taken him through dangerous situations. They had seen tigers and wolves and had narrowly escaped death. After he started his apprenticeship, he had spotted signs of tigers and avoided them from afar. A hunter was more capable than an ordinary person, but he was alone and couldn’t fight alone. If he really wanted to catch tigers or leopards, he must work together with other hunters.

He wasn’t the only hunter living in the mountains, but they were far away and each had his own territory. The people lived better than before, and there weren’t as many who were willing to risk their lives to catch ferocious beasts. They usually caught rabbits, pheasants, and larger animals such as sheep and deer.

Two years ago, there were people in Yuqing City who wanted bear paws. The price was very high, enough to lure many to take the risk. He had just finished his apprenticeship at that time and was tempted because his family was short of money. However, Wei Lanxiang found out about it and worried that he would get into trouble, so she tried to stop him for two days. Later, he heard that several hunters at Liangzhang Bridge had teamed up to catch a bear, but they were unlucky. Not only did they fail to catch the bear, but two of them were injured. He wasn’t very skilled at that time, and his family wouldn’t let him go, so he had to give up.

Now only two dogs could follow him out. To be on the safe side, he thought it was better not to go deeper in the next few months to avoid encountering carnivorous animals.

Thinking about his worries, Shen Xuanqing rolled over and pulled Lu Gu into his arms and said, “It’s good for Dabai to stay at home. I’ll ask my elder brother to build a rabbit nest. We’ll raise more rabbits in the future. Dabai can’t run, but he can guard the house at night to prevent thieves.”

Lu Gu agreed when he heard it. There were many chickens and ducks at home. When it was late at night and everyone else was asleep, they would need a dog to guard the yard.

“Did you put peach blossom cream on your face?” Shen Xuanqing smelled the sweet scent of peach blossom on his skin and couldn’t help but kiss him.