Compared with last year when he and Shen Xuanqing went up the mountain for the first time, the vegetable plot in the courtyard was obviously much neater this year, row by row, no longer messy, and there were more vegetables planted.
The mustard greens were not taken care of when they went down the mountain last year. After a winter, they had rotten. They didn't get them out when they plowed the ground. The rotten leaves and roots of the vegetables could be used as fertilizer.
There were no more chickens and ducks in the backyard. Luffa and winter melon were planted in the back. Shen Xuanqing had set up the luffa trellis, just waiting for it to bear fruit in the future.
No one who was used to farm work couldn't take care of a vegetable garden. Shen Xuanqing had to go hunting every day and was tired when he came back, so he had no time to clean up.
Thinking of the black-hoofed sheep tied in the corner of the backyard, Lu Gu called the puppy, picked up the bamboo basket and went out to cut the grass. When he went out, Dabai whined twice behind him, stood up with a limp, and seemed to want to follow him out. Lu Gu ubconsciously said: "You have to stay and recuperate."
Dabai whimpered a few times. After Lu Gu left, he stood there and watched for a while before lying down on the sack.
Lu Gu didn't have to go far to mow the grass, he came back not long after. When he saw Dabai standing up with his tail wagging, he felt that Shen Xuanqing was right to tie him up. Otherwise, the injury on his leg wouldn't be easy to heal if he moved around so much.
Of course, the dog didn't understand this. It was useless for him to talk to Dabai and reason with him. He could only let him walk in place and wag his tail.
The black-hoofed sheep in the backyard stood up warily after he passed by. The pair of long horns on its head looked quite strong. Lu Gu didn't dare to approach and just threw the grass near it.
Sheeps could attack people with their horns, especially the ram, they were quite strong. He wasn't stupid, he only needed to feed him grass, so why bother to get close to him.
However, the puppy was not afraid and barked at the black-hoofed sheep. When he got a little closer, the black-hoofed sheep lowered its head and made a gesture as if going to attack. The puppy was smart, he wasn't tied up, so he wouldn't be knocked over. Instead, he pretended as if going to bite to scare the sheep. He was really naughty.
Lu Gu originally thought that the puppy was really going to bite the sheep. He was afraid that the sheep would attack the puppy and also afraid that it would bite the sheep. Because Shen Xuanqing said that if he could catch an ewe, the ram would be left behind, let the two give birth to lamb, but when he found that the puppy was just playing to scare the sheep, he left them alone.
Shen Xuanqing set a net in the river the day before yesterday. He was afraid that the puppy would scare the sheep away from eating grass, so he patted the puppy's butt to signal him to stop messing around, then he picked up the fish basket and walked forward.
Guaizi was smart and often followed him, so he naturally knew what he meant and followed right behind him.
The river was flowing, and Lu Gu came over with a bamboo basket to collect the fish in the net. The sun was not hot at the moment, so the river seemed a bit cold. He dragged the net ashore. The fish in the net were flapping their tails, and the river shrimps were also jumping.
The puppy was very energetic. He was used to seeing fish and shrimps, and didn't bark at the fishing net. The fish and shrimps jumped around and splashed water. The puppy took a few steps back to shake off the water on his body. After that he came back and wanted to bite the fish's tail.
"Go." Lu Gu scolded softly to stop him from biting.
There were few people in the deep mountains. The old hunter chose a good place to build a house. The area was flat and open, and even the river was gentle. There were more fish because there were not many people to catch them. There had been quite a few fish caught in the past two days.
The spring fish and fat river shrimp were quite big. There were a total of eight fish, large and small, and more than twenty river shrimps. They couldn't fit in the bamboo basket he brought, so he didn't take them out from the net and carried them back together with the net.
There were a few places in the net that needed to be mended. Besides, these fish and shrimps were enough for the two of them to eat for several days. There was no need to set the net for the next two days.
After returning, Lu Gu separated the fish and shrimps into two old wooden basins. He kept them there first, cleaned them up in the afternoon, and cooked them for dinner.
The dirty clothes that Shen Xuanqing took off last night needed to be washed. He changed into a new clothes this morning. It was still early and the sun was not as hot as at noon, so he carried some firewood into the kitchen and boiled half a pot of water then mixed it with cold water to prevent his hands from getting frozen.
The sun had been shining brightly these days, so clothes could be dried in one day. However, the wind was quite strong in spring, so he had to be careful to prevent the clothes from being blown away by the wind.
The morning passed in a busy manner. After lunch, Lu Gu sat down to rest. His life was so trivial. No matter he was busy or not, he couldn't take any time off. There was always work that needed to be done.