Chapter 113
The setting sun filled the sky with rosy clouds, the clouds were dyed orange with a hint of purple, the wind blew and the sea of ​​clouds rolled, in the distance the green mountains stretched far and wide.
Small pink and light yellow flowers bloomed on the ground in the mountains, swaying gently in the wind. There were also cluster of flowers and trees in full bloom, the red color was beautiful and ardent. Many petals had fallen on ground. The flower trees were of different heights. The tall ones made people have to crane their necks, while the short ones could be picked by just raising hands. When the wind blew, it brought the fragrance of flowers, whether strong or light.
Such colors and beautiful scenery were not limited to this one. They were surging like a wave, covering the mountains and the plains, illuminating the entire mountain and field.
[漫山遍野	màn shān biàn yě: lit. covering the mountains and the plains (idiom); fig. as far as the eye can see; covering everything; omnipresent
The porridge was bubbling in the pot, and the aroma of rice filled the air. Lu Gu stood in front of the stove and stirred it with a large spoon. When he saw that the rice was cooked, he squatted down and reduced the fire at the bottom of the stove. He took out the burning firewood and poked it on the ground, and a lot of black ash fell off. The rice porridge was simmering slowly over a low fire, and they could be eaten as soon as Shen Xuanqing came back.
The yard was a little quiet as he could no longer hear the sounds of Guaizi and Dabai playing. He came out to see out of curiosity, but he never expected that Guaizi was not obedient at all and was destroying the mustard greens in the vegetable garden again, biting several of them to pieces, but he started to eat them when he saw him come out. However, his dropped ears and and tucked tail showed his guilt, and he even avoided his gaze.
"You're not obedient again." Lu Gu was a little annoyed by him and walked over and patted the dog's head twice.
The mustard greens had grown up a lot in the past six days and were still tender. He and Shen Xuanqing had just started to taste them, they hadn't eaten them a few times yet so he couldn't let Guaizi ruin them.
The puppy was patted that he lowered his head and looked away, making a whimpering sound. After being driven out of the vegetable garden, he still wanted to please Lu Gu, so he lay down on the ground and exposed his belly, waiting for Lu Gu. After Lu Gu pulled out the four ruined mustard greens in the vegetable garden and just stepped outside, Guaizi used his claws to pull at Lu Gu's trouser.
"If you want to eat it, just eat one is enough. Why bother to chew them all up? I'll see how Erqing will deal with you when he comes back." Lu Gu lightly shook the soil from the roots of the mustard greens and picked off the wilted leaves. Then he threw some to the puppy to eat, and the rest to Dabai.
The puppy was most afraid of Shen Xuanqing. He had made mistakes and been beaten several times before, but just like a child, he remembered the food but not the beating. No matter how much they taught him a lesson, he would still be naughty when it was time to be naughty.
[记吃不记打 Jì chī bù jì dǎ: Remember the food but not the beating; colloquialism, which means to reprimand someone for not learning the lesson, and only remember the benefits but forget the punishment he suffered]
Now seeing Lu Gu gave him some mustard green leaves, he got up from the ground and started chewing it, wagging his tail, as if he didn't want to be beaten and was trying his best to please Lu Gu.
Dabai was obviously much calmer, he usually didn't cause trouble, and he didn't dislike the food at all.
The spring flowers were blooming outside the gate. They didn't have to bother transplanting flowers in front of the yard like in late summer and early autumn, because beautiful scenery could be seen everywhere. Lu Gu had gotten used to seeing this these days. He looked towards the woods in the east, where Shen Xuanqing usually came back from.
The sun dropped behind the mountains little by little, and soon all the light was blocked by the mountains in the distance.
As the sky gradually darkened, Lu Gu waited for Shen Xuanqing anxiously. He stood outside the gate and kept looking around. After finishing the food, Guaizi ran out and squatted beside his legs. After a while, he raised his ears and barked twice into the woods, and he knew Shen Xuanqing was back.
Dahui and Dahei responded quickly, and within half a quarter of an hour, Lu Gu saw three figures in the forest.
The two dogs ran fast, Shen Xuanqing was walking behind, Lu Gu led Guaizi to meet them, Dahui and Dahei kept rubbing his legs after they ran over, and their tails kept wagging.
Shen Xuanqing smiled when he saw him and said: " I went chasing deer today, but I didn't catch any deer because I startled the herd, so I caught a few rabbits. I originally thought that if I couldn't catch any alive, I would just shoot one, but there were a lot of grass and trees blocking the way. The half-grown male deer ran fast, leaving behind two pregnant female deers, so I took the dogs and left. "
"Yeah." Lu Gu nodded in agreement.
"The three rabbits are not dead, but their necks were bitten by the dogs. It doesn't matter. If the condition is not serious, you don't need to pound the herbs, just feed them to keep them alive." Shen Xuanqing could talk a lot in front of his fulang.