After looking around the village, they came to the southeast side of the village. The Qingxi River flowed around the village, and the former site of the village was close to the river.
"Stones and mud are not a problem, it's just how big a piece of land do you want?" Shen Yaoqing asked, kicking a stone on the ground.
Shen Xuanqing looked at the barren land, which was full of stones and mud. The thatched huts would have to be demolished. Their village had reclaimed enough farmland elsewhere, and no one was interested in the land here. They just treated it as wasteland and often used it to raise cattle and sheep.
The wind blew across the river, bringing with it a slightly damp smell. He thought for a moment and said, "Why not choose this place? It's just a matter of leveling the land, but the land will be cheaper."
"Look at this vacant land, it's about five mu, which should be enough." Shen Xuanqing said slowly.
[亩 mǔ: unit of area equal to one fifteenth of a hectare]
"Five mu?" Shen Yaoqing was surprised. He thought Shen Xuanqing just wanted a piece of land to raise rabbits.
Shen Xuanqing smiled and said, "Five mu is not a lot, brother, have you forgotten? The Gong family's farm in the city occupies a lot of land, even with forests. There are a lot of peach and pear trees planted with other fruits. In a year, the livestock and mountain products transported to the city alone would take at least 20 or 30 carts to transport them all."
"We are going to raise rabbits, but instead of building a house only, it will be better to enclose a larger plot of land and raise chickens and ducks freely. Apart from farming, we don't have any other skills except collecting firewood or doing hard labor. Not only very tiring, but all we can earn is just enough to make a living. "
"If you ask me, raising more animals and selling them either individually or using connections to find restaurants and taverns to supply them is better than doing hard labor."
Shen Yaoqing became more and more excited after hearing these words. How could he not understand, it was better to raise chickens, ducks and rabbits than to do hard labor and get injured. After all, they were all decent way to earn a living.
After returning home and telling Wei Lanxiang about it, the two brothers took some wine and a rabbit and went to look for Lin Zhongcai.
Lu Gu and Shen Yan were chopping grass for the chickens in the backyard. Lu Gu told her that the five mu of land were so large and they would raise rabbits, chickens and ducks there in the future. The younger sister-in-law opened her almond-shaped eyes wide, and she was surprised and happy.
Guaizi circled around the two of them, rubbed against Lu Gu's back and whimpered a few times. Seeing that Lu Gu was busy chopping grass and ignored him, he stood in front of the rabbit hutch and looked inside curiously. Because he had been beaten before, he knew not to bark at the rabbits in the hutch, so he was relatively well behaved today.
It took two days to buy the land. They were all from the same village. Shen Xuanqing was a hunter and had martial arts skills. He was a nice person and had almost no grudges against the villagers. He quickly bought the land with those dilapidated cogon hutw. As for the unowned land, both the measurement and the deed were done by Lin Zhongcai, then he and Shen Xuanqing went to the government office together.
Barren vacant land was the cheapest, and with the help of Lin Zhongcai, Shen Xuanqing finally got the land deed. It costed him a total of six taels and three hundred copper coins after running around for the past two days, which was much cheaper than farming land.
Ji Qiuyue was pregnant, and Shen Yaoqing was responsible for her food and clothing. Compared with being a hunter, farming didn't make much money, so Shen Xuanqing didn't let him pay for the land purchase. In this way, it was clearer who had the land deed, and there was no need to waste words.
The two brothers had always been close and never had conflicts. If one of them pa
id, the other would do the work.