Seeing the person walking across the street, Shen Xuanqing called out from a few steps away, "Cousin."
"Cousin." Lu Gu called out softly from the side.
Shen Yutao raised his head when he heard this, with a polite smile on his face he said, "It's you two."
He wasn't as tall as Shen Xuanqing, and was a bit fatter and shorter, but his appearance was still good-looking. It could be seen that his face was a bit similar to Shen Xuanqing and Shen Yaoqing.
"That's a lot of stuff." Shen Yutao's eyes were fixed on the cart. He often worked in the town, and even if he loved to take advantage of others, he knew how to restrain himself. At least the situation was maintained, unlike his mother Zhou Yunzhi, who was eager to ask for it openly or secretly.
Shen Xuanqing laughed, picked up a medium-sized pheasant and handed it over, saying, "Cousin, you are joking, this is not a lot. It's hard to catch prey in the beginning of spring. Pregnant animals can't be hunted, and those that are too young also can't be hunted. There are many restrictions. I have been in the mountains for a month and only hunted these few. I don’t know how many copper coins I can sell them for today. "
"You, this..." Shen Yutao pretended to be embarrassed and didn't take the pheasant immediately, he said, "It’s not easy for you to hunt, so you should sell it."
"It's just one, cousin, just take it. There will always be times in the future when I will trouble you, cousin. "Shen Xuanqing said with a smile.
Shen Yutao then forced out a flattering smile, took the pheasant and promised: "We are family, there is no such thing as trouble or no trouble. "
"Cousin, are you going to do something?" Shen Xuanqing asked.
"That's right. It's time to collect bills on the east street. The shopkeeper is urging us to collect them." Shen Yutao nodded. There were many people on the street, and it wasn't the right place to talk, so he said, "You guys go ahead and do your work. Come to the shop another day and talk."
Shen Xuanqing nodded and said good bye, then walked forward with Lu Gu.
In fact, his generation should all be named with the character "Yu". Few people in village with mixed surnames had family trees, because most of them were illiterate peasants. If they were more particular about naming, they would put one of the characters of the eldest son's name to the next sons. This was the case with the third branch of the Shen family. Shen Yu and Shen Yuping followed the name of Shen Yutao and Shen Yuxi.
[玉 yù: jade]
As for Shen Yaoqing's name, Shen Shunfu asked someone to calculate it. The reason for this was because he had a bad relationship with the first branch and Shen Yaoqing's grandparents, and they even had a fight when the family property was divided. After his eldest son was born, Grandpa Shen came to him and said that even though the family had been divided, but his son's name had to use the character "Yu".
[In China, a person's name is "calculated" by considering the meaning and stroke count of the Chinese characters used in their family name (one character) and given name (one or two characters), with the family name always coming first; this practice is often tied to numerology and the concept of "five elements" to choose characters that are considered auspicious for the individual based on their birth date and time.]
But Shen Shunfu refused to do so. When he got stubborn, he was like an old ox that couldn't be pulled back.
Just now, Shen Yutao's eyes were fixed on the fattest rabbit, but Shen Xuanqing pretended not to see it. Rabbits were more expensive than pheasants, and giving a pheasant as a favor was already very good, just to maintain on the surface. There would always be a time when Shen Yutao would be useful to him in the future.
"Chicken eggs, big duck eggs." Lu Gu, not knowing what was going on in Shen Xuanqing's mind, was shouting with all his strength, his face and eyes were lively and innocent, which made people feel happy just looking at him.