Chapter 112
The first glimmer of light in the sky, there was movement in the yard.
The burning firewood made a crackling sound. Lu Gu sat in front of the stove with a dazed look on his face. It was obvious that he wasn't completely awake yet. He added two pieces of firewood to the bottom of the stove and then yawned.
Shen Xuanqing, who came in from outside, saw that he was dazed, so he walked over and rubbed his head, "There's nothing else to do here. If you still want to sleep after I leave, go to sleep."
"No, it will be fine after this." After saying that, Lu Gu rubbed his face, looked up and smiled, and immediately felt more energetic.
Shen Xuanqing also smiled when he saw this, and couldn't help but touch his face. After they had sex that day, although he wanted to take it step by step and stop there, when the night really came, Lu Gu put his hand on his chest to push him away, saying that he hadn't good rest and his body couldn't bear it.
He had no choice but to kiss him a little longer. It wasn't bad to share the same bed with him for four or five days.
It was cold in the mountains early in the morning, and the water was even more oozing to the bones. They used it to wash their faces and clean their teeth after warming it up, so they didn't suffer so much. The two of them scooped up warm water to wash their faces in the courtyard. Before carrying the wooden basin out, Lu Gu added two more ladles of water to the pot and firewoods. The water would be boiled and ready for drinking after they finished washing.
It had been ten days since they first planted them. The four rows of mustard greens planted in the front yard had sprouted and were about half a finger long. Mustard greens grew very fast. In seven or eight days, they would be two fingers long and could be plucked and eaten. They deliberately planted more, later they could pluck as many as they wanted and reseed as many as they wanted. Mustard greens could also grow in summer and could be eaten all the time.
Two rows of leeks had sprouted in the vegetable garden on the other side. They had been watered and taken care of, and could be harvested next month. At that time they could could be made scrambled eggs for Shen Xuanqing.
They also planted a row of garlic and chili. The front yard was large, and one row was enough for the two of them to eat. Spring onions and chives were planted in the same row. There were more spring onions and less chives. People in the town often ate chives, and its price was more expensive than spring onions, but they required a lot of care to grow. Shen Yaoqing heard the news when he was looking for people to drink and chat in a neighboring village, so he asked someone to get some seeds.
He didn't want to sell it, but wanted to taste it at home. When Lu Gu and Shen Xuanqing went up the mountain, they brought some seeds with them.
Lu Gu had never planted chives before. Shen Xuanqing said that they didn't plant them to earn money, but to let them have a taste. Hearing this Lu Gu was more relaxed and didn't pay too much attention to it.
After washing his face, he saw that not only had the seeds grown, but they had also grown a little taller. The feeling of success unintentionally was really good.
"Brother Daqing said these chives are neither spicy nor choking. I'll sprinkle some when making soup. They look good." Lu Gu said happily.
Shen Xuanqing followed his words and looked over: "The chives are bright green, and they will look good when sprinkled on top of a dish. I'm going to take two with me when I go out and eat them with steamed buns and pancakes. I'm a little tired of pickled vegetables."
Eating and drinking matter was a big deal. Only when people ate and drunk well could they feel comfortable physically and mentally. When he said he was tired of eating pickled vegetables, Lu Gu frowned slightly and started thinking. After a while, he said: "Next time we go up the mountain, I will bring you a few salted duck eggs. When we go back, the ducks at home should have laid a lot of eggs. Shen Yan said she would help collect them and save them for me. Mother can also pickle them into salted eggs so that we can eat them at home. "
"Okay." Shen Xuanqing nodded. Every time he saw Lu Gu's serious expression when making plans, he couldn't help but smile.
"Then you should bring two eggs today." Lu Gu poured out the water, put away the basin and cloth, and hurried into the kitchen to get busy.
There was white steam coming from the pot lid, and the water had boiled. He scooped out two bowls and put them on the chopping board to get cooler, and scooped more than half of the pot into the pottery jug, then added cold water and put it on the bamboo basket, put the pancakes and eggs on it and continued to cook. Normally the pancakes could be heated up quickly, but today there were two extra eggs, therefore it took a little longer to cook.
The water in the two bowls were for them to drink. When the big pot wasn't used to cook, it was used to boil water to drink.
The sky was getting brighter. After breakfast, Lu Gu sent Shen Xuanqing out. Dahui and Dahei ran in front. He waited until Shen Xuanqing had gone far before returning to the yard.