They all saw how Zhang Zhengzi and Lao Zhang treated Li Wanyun. It was really not worth it to stay in the village. She was a woman who had lost her land and no way to make money. At least her life wouldn't be too bad if she returned to her parents' home.
"Alas." He had little contact with Li Wanyun, and while sighing, he felt that Li Wanyun was really courageous. After going back to her parents' home, she was able to get her family to help her stay, which showed that she was a smart person.
As her stomach grew bigger, Ji Qiuyue became more easily worried than before. She sighed when she heard this. Women and Shuang'er had a hard life. Li Wanyun's case was still considered lucky. Some widows who had lost their husbands to rely on, even though they had given birth to a son, the relatives could sell them and their children.
"Are these rabbits going to be used for breeding?" Shen Yaoqing saw her sadness and quickly changed the subject.
Shen Xuanqing knew what he meant, he put down the bowl and said with a smile: "The mountain road is bumpy and long. Let's see how many rabbits can survive tonight and picked a few strong ones to be used for breeding. Doesn't sister-in-law like spicy fried rabbit meat? Let's pick a fat one and slaughter it to eat tomorrow. ”
"Okay." Shen Yan also knew what her two brothers meant. She smiled and clapped her his, then said to Ji Qiuyue: "Sister-in-law, I'll pick a big one for you. How about we stir-fry half with spicy sauce and braise the other half?"
"I think it's okay." Ji Qiuyue's attention was diverted by them. There were eleven live rabbits at home. They hadn't eaten rabbit meat for more than a month, now she suddenly wanted to eat it.
Usually Shen Xuanqing didn't check whether the rabbits were alive or dead after he came back from hunting them. As long as they were still fresh, they could be sold in the town.
After resting, Shen Yaoqing took them to the backyard to see the rabbit hutchs.
"There are gaps between the logs. Rabbit droppings can fall down through the gaps, so the hutch won't be too dirty. It's still a bit cold at night, so just put some hay in inside and change it every one or two days. " Shen Yaoqing patted the rabbit hutch that was as high as his thigh, his expression and tone were full of pride.
There were two rows of rabbit hutchs in the backyard made of wood and yellow mud. The bottom is empty and supported by strong short wooden pillars. The rabbit hutchs were square like long bamboo cages, separated by either wooden boards or wood. There were six hutchs in the front row and ten in the back.
Seeing his second brother nodding with satisfaction, Shen Yaoqing smiled even wider and said, "It's a pity that there are chickens, ducks and dog kennels in our backyard. There is not enough space. Otherwise, we could build another row and raise more."
"These are enough for now." Shen Xuanqing said. The five female rabbits had already moved in. The rabbit hutch was quite big and not cramped. It wasn't a problem for two male and female rabbits to live together.
"Anyway, we already have rabbit hutchs. If there are not enough, we can just let the male rabbit stay in the cage." Shen Yaoqing also said that male rabbits were not as delicate as female rabbits that were about to give birth. As long as the female rabbit was pregnant, the male rabbit could be taken out and bred with other female rabbits.
They used to raise rabbits, but they are difficult to raise. The place where they lived couldn't be dirty or damp, and they couldn't be easily frightened.
But if they could really raise and breed rabbits, there would be another way to earn money in the future.
While they were talking, the big rooster flapped its wings and flew onto the chicken coop. Shen Xuanqing saw it. Rabbits that were used to hearing the crowing of chickens and barking of dogs at home wouldn't be frightened, but that might not be the case for the rabbits that had just been caught. He remembered what Shen Yaoqing said just now that there was not enough space in the backyard, and the idea of ​​buying land became stronger.
"Erqing, Guzi, it's time to eat." Wei Lanxiang shouted from the front. The pimple soup was cooked and a plate of eggs was fried.
"The steamed buns were cooked at noon, so they are cold, but they are soft, so they are perfect to eat with pimple soup." Wei Lanxiang sat next to her second son and watched him and his fulang eating deliciously, with a smile on her face.
Every time he just came down from the mountain, Lu Gu didn't have to work. The family was considerate of his tiredness from the journey.
In the evening, after dinner, the family sat in the courtyard, watched the clouds and the sunset while chatting. Wei Lanxiang lamented in her heart that life was much more leisurely than before, how could she sit leisurely like this in the past when the family had no money.
However, Ji Qiuyue couldn't enjoy this comfort at all after the wind brought the smell from the backyard. She bent over in the corner and vomited, and Shen Yaoqing patted her back to comfort her.
Finally, she straightened up, took a sip of warm water from Shen Yan and rinsed her mouth. Then she looked at Lu Gu sheepishly and said, "Now that I'm pregnant, my nose has become more and more noble. I can’t get used to the smell of feces that I have been used to for twenty years. It’s really ridiculous."
They raised a lot of livestock in their backyard, there were chicken manure, duck manure, rabbit manure, and sheep manure, so the smell was bad.
But most of country folks were used to the smell. No matter how clean the front yard and the house were, if they raised livestock in the backyard, there would inevitably be a smell of manure. People who couldn't bear the smell would burn some medicinal leaves and use the burning smell to dispel it. But Ji Qiuyue was pregnant, and the burning smell was too strong and pungent, so they stopped using it for fear of hurting her.
"Mom, brother." He said slowly: "I want to buy a piece of land to raise rabbits."
"What?" Wei Lanxiang was stunned, and her voice rose unconsciously. She thought that her second son had so much money but nowhere to spend it, therefore he wanted to buy land to raise rabbits?
Shen Yaoqing shoveled a shovel of dirt to cover the filth in the corner. Hearing this, he looked over but didn't interrupt him.
Not only rabbits, Shen Xuanqing planned to buy a land large enough to raise chickens and ducks. In this way, the house wouldn't have the smell of manure.
Ji Qiuyue had been tortured by the stench, so her eyes lit up when she heard this, and the same was true for Shen Yaoqing. He and Ji Qiuyue had a good relationship. If his wife didn't suffer, he wouldn't have to feel heartbroken.
"I don't want to buy farmland, so the land doesn't need to be fertile. The thatched huts on the east side of the village have long been dilapidated, but the area is flat and spacious. There is no need to build many rooms for people to live in, two rooms are enough. If I'm not here, my eldest brother can bring the dog and guard it at night. "
Their house was a brick house with a tiled roof, it was very sturdy. Moreover, he had lived in this house for many years and was used to it. Shen Xuanqing thought that he could buy the land for raising poultry and livestock, but there was no rush to build another house.