Chapter 115
Shen Xuanqing always had his own ideas, and Shen Yaoqing was also a man of great foresight. Although they said it was a family discussion, in reality it was the two brothers who discussed and then decided to buy the land.
Lu Gu listened quietly next to Shen Xuanqing. He was timid, cautious, and and aware that he was stupid, so he didn't want to interrupt on such an important matter as buying land. After the agreement was reached, he just smiled at Shen Xuanqing slightly to show that he had no objection.
"Tomorrow is free. Let's walk around the village to see where the land is suitable." Shen Yaoqing said after drinking the water.
"Hm, this is natural." Shen Xuanqing nodded.
At this time, the sun had set and the sky was getting dark. Without waiting for Lu Gu to get busy, Wei Lanxiang called Shen Yan to the kitchen to boil water. No matter what others said, she thought it was right to let Lu Gu and Shen Xuanqing soak their feet comfortably at night.
The next morning.
After a peaceful night's sleep, Lu Gu opened his eyes. His consciousness was not clear when he first woke up. He only realized that he was at home when he heard Shen Yan's voice outside.
Shen Xuanqing, who was sleeping beside him, also woke up. He turned over and took Lu Gu into his arms, then said in a hoarse voice, "Sleep a little longer. My mother is busy cooking and boiling water."
Lu Gu couldn't get up because he was hugged, so he could only hum in a low voice. Under the warm quilt, he raised his hand hesitantly, but still put it on Shen Xuanqing's waist.
This gentle and careful response made the man who was still trying to sleep open his eyes. He couldn't help but smile brightly and lowered his voice and said, "Do you want to hug me too?"
Lu Gu's ears were hot, and his eyes were panicked and he didn't dare to look at the man's smiling face. He wanted to take back his hand, but Shen Xuanqing hugged him tighter. The joy from the bottom of his heart made him obey his heart. He didn't answer, but he boldly imitated Shen Xuanqing and hugged him, putting his arms around his back and gently pressing his hands on that strong and sturdy waist.
Because the two of them were so close, Lu Gu felt his face and ears were burning. If this got out, he wouldn't be able to go out and meet other people anymore. How could a fulang take the initiative to stick to a man?
At this time, Shen Xuanqing's deep laughter became more and more complacent and arrogant, as if  he had grabbed Lu Gu's pigtail, making him so shy that he simply buried his face in his broad chest and didn't dare to raise his head again.
[小辫子
xiǎo biàn zi: lit. pigtail; fig. a shortcoming or evidence of wrongdoing that can be seized upon by others]
Laughing and hugging each other, and Shen Xuanqing also didn't forget to take advantage of the opportunity to gain a lot of benefits, so the two of them got up only after the commotion was over.
The first thing Lu Gu did after breakfast was to go to the woodshed to check on the rabbits. Sure enough, some of them had recovered, they seemed to be in good spirits and had eaten a lot of the grass given to them at night. However, the mountain road was long and bumpy, so most of the rabbits were still weak.
Shen Xuanqing came in and said, "Two pheasants and four rabbits are left for the family to eat."
"Yes." Lu Gu nodded. It was difficult to identify male and female rabbits in the cage. He pointed at the energetic ones and said, "Can they be used as breeding rabbits?"
Shen Xuanqing came over to take a look and said, "Yes."
There was an empty bamboo basket at the woodshed, and Lu Gu took it. Shen Xuanqing opened the bamboo cage, he took out the rabbits that were in good spirits and put them in bamboo basket, he picked out four male rabbits and five female rabbits.
"There are already six male and five female rabbits in the backyard. If we use these to make a total of ten pairs of breeding rabbits, we don't have to bother to separate them for mating." Shen Xuanqing picked up the heavy bamboo basket and said as he walked to the backyard.
When Lu Gu heard this, he said, "Ten pairs, if one pair can give birth to four little rabbits, that will be forty."
He and Shen Xuanqing had been on the mountain for a month. Not counting the ones they ate, there were twenty-six live rabbits they brought back from the mountain, not to mention that there were five or six rabbits in a litter.
"Yes." Shen Xuanqing said with a smile on his face: "I'll breed these rabbits for the next two months. There are only sixteen rabbit hutches in the backyard, and four pairs of them need to be raised in cages. If I catch too many, there won't be room at home. We have to wait until we choose a good site and built a house. Once the house is built, we can breed ten more pairs, there will be twenty pairs in total, and they will give birth to even more rabbits. "
The two of them became more and more happy as they talked. Shen Yaoqing, who was shoveling chicken and duck manure on the ground in the backyard, also heard it and joked with a smile: "People say that those who farm the land and own many properties are rich and powerful. Then our family will be a rich family that raises rabbits in the future."
He put down the shovel in his hand and paired up the breeding rabbits with Shen Xuanqing.
It was very easy for rabbits to conceive. The first five female rabbits were already pregnant, and some of them had obviously enlarged bellies. Recently, the family had been feeding them fresh grass every day, and the service was very good.
Rabbits kept in cages were indeed not as energetic as rabbits running around in the wild, but these rabbits could dig holes. They were wild, untamed and didn't recognize people. It would be a waste of effort if they ran away, so they could only be locked up.