The sun shone in through the window, and even the gentle breeze couldn't blow away the warmth. He had been sitting by the window, but the sun made him drowsy. He thought that since there was nothing else to do, he might as well take a nap, so he went to bed.
He didn't close the door, so the puppy ran in after playing for a while and stood by the bed looking at him.
Lu Gu heard the sound of Guaizi running in, reached out and patted the dog's head, turned over to the side and closed his eyes again.
"Woo." Seeing that Lu Gu didn't get up, the puppy wandered around the bed for a while, and finally lay down on the ground and fell asleep.
The sun shone in obliquely, the dust in the beam rising and falling could be seen constantly. Occasionally, the wind blew into the room, it blew gently and softly, making it very peaceful to take a nap.
In the evening, Shen Xuanqing came back with four live rabbits. Lu Gu had already steamed the rice. The river shrimps and dried chili stir fry smelled delicious. The fish was stewed, the white soup was fresh and thick. There was also a bowl of wild vegetables stir fry. The meal was very delicious with both meat and vegetables.
At the end of the meal, Shen Xuanqing poured the fish soup into the remaining half bowl of rice. He picked out a few fish bones and finished eating and drinking quickly. After putting down the bowl, he felt relaxed both physically and mentally.
Lu Gu had a small appetite and was already full before Shen Xuanqing finished his meal. After that, the two of them washed the dishes together.
Lu Gu was washing dishes while Shen Xuanqing squatted beside him, helping him rinse them in clean water. Shen Xuanqing said, "I found traces of a deer when I came back. I'll chase it tomorrow and see if I can catch it."
Hearing this, Lu Gu asked, "Will we also raise deer in the future?"
Shen Xuanqing smiled, took the plate from him, and said, "If I can catch them alive, we can raise them. I heard that some families in Yuqing Prefecture built a deer park in their farm in the countryside to raise deer. But that is for the young masters in the mansion to hunt and have fun. I can't catch so many by myself. If I really want to raise them, maybe I can have seven or eight. "
After hearing this news, Shen Xuanqing had an idea of ​​raising rabbits. He also read a miscellaneous book which said that a few decades ago there was a wealthy family who loved rabbits. In order to raise rabbits, a rabbit garden of more than ten li (approx. 500 m) was built.
Rich people did it for fun, and he wanted to raise rabbits and sell them for money. He hunted for many years, if he was lucky, fox fur was the most profitable, maybe he could earn two or three hundred taels. If he had children in the future, they would need a lot of money for food, clothing, and education, and he would also have to support his mother. If there was any problem with the family, he had to help out, every copper coin counted as money.
Not to mention the distant future, as the family grew in size, those few rooms would no longer be enough. He had been thinking about building another house during the winter, but he never said it out loud. Building a house or dividing the family were both big events, and buying land had taken up nearly half of his money, so he put this matter aside.
"Even if they only give birth to two fawns, we can still sell them for two hundred copper coins." Lu Gu agreed. He had heard Shen Xuanqing talk about raising rabbits these days, and he had figured it out.
"Yes." Shen Xuanqing said with a smile.
They didn't have many dishes, so they finished washing them quickly. After cleaning the kitchen, Lu Gu washed his hands with wild bath. Because he needed to apply hand cream, Lu Gu specially washed his hands with wild soapberries, for fear of contaminating the expensive hand cream.
It was getting dark now. He rubbed his hands and said to Shen Xuanqing when he saw him, "Do you want to put some on too?"
The hand cream smelled nice, and since using it, his hands had become noticeably more moisturized.
"I don't need it." Shen Xuanqing disliked the scent of the hand cream. Although the scent was quite light, he thought that he was a man and why should he put fragrance on his hands. However, he was very concerned about the cream on Lu Gu's hands. As soon as Lu Gu spread it evenly, he touched his fulang's hands, and even touched his fulang's face seriously.
The wind was strong in spring. A few days ago, Lu Gu's face was a little rough from the wind, but now it had become very smooth.
Shen Xuanqing thought that this facial cream was really good, he would buy it often in the future. Then he remembered that he had used more than half of his eight copper coins ointment, he should buy another bottle as a backup.
After his hand was held, Lu Gu didn't struggle and let Shen Xuanqing touch his face. This was how he usually did when no one else was around, and he was almost used to it.
There was nothing else to do at the moment, and Shen Xuanqing's hands were dry and warm, but obviously a little rough, so he dipped some hand cream and applied it on Shen Xuanqing's hand while he was playing with his fingers.
"It smells too fragrant." Shen Xuanqing smelled his own hand and obviously didn't like the smell.
Lu Gu smiled and said, "It's not that fragrant. Your hands are too dry. You should apply more."