Chapter 114
Compared to other families, the Shen family raised their daughter differently. The daughters or shuang'ers of other families in the village had to work to earn money. Most of them had to support their families, leaving only a small amount of money in their hands, and some even had no money at all. Just like when Lu Gu was still in the Lu family, all the handkerchiefs and sachets he made were sold by Du Hehua, and he didn't get a single copper.
Since Shen Yan grew up in the past two years, she had slowly saved up more than twenty copper coins. Wei Lanxiang never asked her for money, let alone the other people in the Shen family. She was simple-minded and sometimes laughed foolishly. Even Ji Qiuyue liked this sister-in-law.
Shen Yan's eyes lit up when she heard that Lu Gu was going to give her money. She was envious of seeing her two brothers selling things and making money all day long.
"Really?" She was extremely surprised.
Lu Gu swallowed the pastry and said, "Of course it's true."
When he worked in the Lu family, he couldn't get a single copper, so he knew the feeling of watching your money fall into someone else's hands.
Wei Lanxiang was Shen Yan's biological mother, so she wouldn't do anything too extreme. However, it was different when she had money in her own hands. Just like now, Shen Xuanqing never took a copper coin of the money he earned and left it all to him. Then he realized the advantage of having money. He could decide what to buy, it was completely different.
Due to different circumstances, although he was not as clear as Li Wanyun, who knew that she could straighten her back only when the money was in her hands, but he also vaguely realized and not completely ignorant.
Shen Yan's eyes lit up, and she was so happy that she didn't know what to say. She just smiled with her almond-shaped eyes widened, and hurriedly went to the kitchen to bring honey water to Lu Gu.
"Brother, how is the paddy field?" Shen Xuanqing asked after finishing the pastry in his hand.
Shen Yaoqing picked up a pheasant and estimated its weight with his hand. Hearing Shen Xuanqing's question, he said: "We have finished planting the rice seedlings a few days ago. However the three of us were not enough, so we asked Uncle Jinhu and Uncle Jinlong for help, we gave them twenty copper coins for a meal money. The five of us worked in the fields for another four days before we finished. "
During the busy spring ploughing season, if a family hired people to help, they had to provide them with a meal. The meal had to be rice, two vegetable dishes, and some oily or meaty dishes. Farm work required hard work, how could the people hired had energy to work if they didn't have enough to eat? Also, if the food was too bad and words got out, that family would be laughed at.
"By the way, I have something to tell you two." Ji Qiuyue spoke from the side. She looked a little uneasy. She glanced at Shen Yaoqing and then said: "Didn't Guzi buy Wanyun's chickens before? She also gave a free rooster, but the rooster was old. We also have a rooster at home, so we killed the old rooster and used it as the meat for the four meals."
Seeing Lu Gu blinking his eyes, she felt a little guilty and explained in a low voice: "The rooster at home is young. Mom said that if she has time this year, she wants to hatch some chicks. There is no use keeping the old rooster, so..."
Lu Gu and Shen Xuanqing were on the mountain at that time, and there was no way to discuss it with them.
Shen Yaoqing was also observing their expressions. If it was only Shen Xuanqing, he could just kill the rooster and say it later. However Lu Gu was his brother's fulang, he was timid, thin-skinned and younger than him, so he had to think before saying a few polite words, and he was speechless for a while.
"That rooster is indeed too old." Shen Xuanqing spoke up. Seeing that Lu Gu was stunned but showed no other emotions, he smiled and said, "Just kill it. It's enough to have a rooster at home that crows, otherwise it will be too noisy. "
Lu Gu was stunned for a moment, because he actually remembered that he had paid for the rooster. Li Wanyun said sixty copper coins and he gave her seventy copper coins, but no one else knew about it except Shen Xuanqing, so he reacted slower.
"Yeah." He nodded along with Shen Xuanqing's words, without any anger or annoyance.
Unlike the chickens and ducks he raised, Lu Gu bought Li Wanyun's chickens just to help her. It was just an old rooster, it was fine if the family slaughtered and ate it. Moreover, when Shen Yaoqing bought black chickens for Ji Qiuyue in winter, he also benefited from it and ate a lot of meat. Sometimes Shen Xuanqing was blatantly partial to him and would give him an extra bowl of black chicken soup so that he could also replenish his body.
"Brother Guzi, try it quickly. I've put in a lot of honey for you." Shen Yan came over with two bowls. She gave a bowl to Shen Xuanqing, without even looking at her second brother, and gave another bowl to Lu Gu. Then she just huddled next to Lu Gu with a smile on her face.
Shen Xuanqing took the bowl, and seeing her being so "self-interested" he felt helpless and amused, so he asked, "You didn't put it in for me?"
"Who said I didn't put honey in your water? You'll know after you drink it yourself." Shen Yan was trying to please Lu Gu at this moment. Having grown up together, she was not polite to her two brothers.
Now that the matter of the rooster had been discussed, there would be no more grudges. Shen Yaoqing also thought of Li Wanyun and said, "She didn't come back for Aunt Zhang's 7th day and 35th day. The second branch of the Zhang family and those relatives even went to the Li family. I don't know what they quarreled about, but Li Wanyun didn't come back, and it seems like she doesn't recognize the Zhang family anymore. "
[头七 tóu qī: the 7th day after a person's death is considered a significant day where the soul of the deceased is believed to return to the family home]
[五七 wǔ qī: the 35th day after a person's death is considered a significant day of mourning]
"It's okay to leave." Shen Xuanqing took a sip of honey water and said, "Why bother spending your whole life paying for the dead."