44 Part

Chapter
44
Lu
Wen sat by the window, frowning and thinking. The Shen family made him lost
face in the street. He was very annoyed and wanted to find a way to suppress them.
At worst, he would make Shen Xuanqing unable to sell his prey in the town, even
if he couldn’t interfere for a long time.
But Li Mingshan hadn't been here for the past few days,
and the servant girl said that she didn't see the young master when she went
back to Li's house, and the maid said that he went to find his classmates to
write poems and compete.
Lu Wen was not suspicious of this, after all, he didn't
know anything.
Just as he was thinking about asking the maid to go
back, there was movement in the front yard. Lu Wen himself used the secret
door, and only Li Mingshan would go through the front door. This was the yard
he bought. The front door was usually locked, so no one could find Lu Wen. Lu Wen
lived here, and every time he wanted to find Lu Wen, sometimes Li Mingshan
would go through the secret door. Lu Wen's classmate's elder brother and Li
Mingshan were also classmates, so it was easier to get in and out under the
name of a classmate.
Sometimes he wanted to stay with Lu Wen for a while
longer, but he felt that if the others knew and became his weaknesses for
someone to take advantage of him. Li Mingshan would enter through the main
entrance of the courtyard, and his classmates wouldn’t know.
Lu Wen greeted him from the room, saw the handsome Li Lang with a shy smile,
and said, "You're here."
[
郎
láng: a youth]
After drinking, Li Mingshan still smelled of powder on
his body, but he was drunk now, and seeing Lu Wen, with a handsome and lovely
appearance, he was so beautiful, he swallowed his saliva and walked forward,
without even thinking about the aftertaste of the fragrance.
"Have you been drinking?" Seeing that his
cheeks were flushed, Lu Wen still didn't suspect anything. Drinking was not a
big deal, so he asked with concern.
It was just that after asking, before hearing Li
Mingshan's words, as soon as he got close, Lu Wen smelled the scent of powder on
his body, and his face became hesitant.
However, Li Mingshan didn't know it, and he read two
sour poems, praising Lu Wen's beauty. In the past, Lu Wen liked this kind of
thing the most, so he must be shy.
Lu Wen originally wanted to make him a bowl of hangover
tea, but he stopped talking. The smell of cosmetics became more and more
annoying, and finally he couldn't help but ask with reddened eyes: "Why is
there a scent of powder on your body? Could it be, could it be there is someone
else."
He was about to cry with red eye circles, he was so pitiful
that Li Mingshan immediately wanted to wipe his tears away, and wanted to hide
this smell from himself, so anxious that he didn't know what to say.
Lu Wen burst into tears, and asked again: "Or, you
went to drink flower wine."
Li Mingshan's heart was agitated immediately, and he
lied all over his mouth, he said: "Why do you say this? My heart to you, don’t
you know? I’m not going to hide it from you, today they got up and dragged me
to the brothel for a drink. I couldn’t help it, so I had to go.”
Hearing this, Lu Wen was stunned, and the tears were
like a broken thread. Li Mingshan hurriedly said: "They poured me wine and
brought prostitutes to serve me. I couldn't refuse. I drank a few glasses, but
don't complain. They slept with prostitutes in their arms. I don't want to to
do such dirty things, I quickly escaped, and I was thinking about not seeing
you for a few days, so I came to see you."
"Really?" Lu Wen was relieved when he heard
this, it was broad daylight now, Li Mingshan came to look for him, he believed
most of it in his heart.
"Really, if it's not true, I will be struck by
thunder..." Before Li Mingshan could finish his sentence, Lu Wen covered
his mouth.
"Don't say that, I believe you, otherwise, you
just make my heart hurt." Lu Wen's tears stopped, and he looked like he
loved Li Mingshan wholeheartedly.
With the beauty covering his mouth, and the fragrance
in his weak and boneless hands, Li Mingshan immediately became lustful. He had
been with Lu Wen for so long, and he really made him as a treasure. That Bu
Zicheng was also blind, he took a prostitute who how many men he had slept with
to exchange for  Lu Wen with him. But he
had never touched him before, so how could he make it easier for others.
The more he thought about it, the angrier he became,
but Bu Zicheng wasn't around, so he couldn't scold him, and now that the beauty
was in front of him, he didn't want to be distracted.
The desire in the brothel came up again, Li Mingshan
still pretended to be noble, and said: "You don't know, there is something
about the wine in the brothel, which makes people feel uncomfortable after
drinking it. I’m too uncomfortable. They stuffed me with a prostitute to
relieve myself, but I didn't want to, I pushed people away and ran away, and I
didn't know what to do on the way, so I came to find you."
"Good Lu Wen, please be considerate and
considerate of me." Li Mingshan couldn't help begging, He even made an
oath that he would never betray him, that he would go to the Lu family to
propose marriage, and made Lu Wen the young fulang of the Li family.
Hearing that Li Mingshan was so loyal to him, that he
could break free and come to look for him after drinking the drugged wine, Lu
Wen felt both ashamed and happy, and when he heard that he could be the young fulang
of the Li family, he felt that this life was complete. He was poor, but he determined
to study hard, he finally found a good confidant like Li Lang to rely on.
After making a promise and making an oath, Li Mingshan
half-coaxed the blushing Lu Wen into the room.