55 Part

Chapter 55
The
completely different feeling from the pain frightened Lu Gu, the reaction in
his body was very strange, even the trembling humming from his throat changed
its meaning.
He used to only know that this kind of thing was
painful, and he would occasionally feel a little relief after the pain passed,
but now he had become a little accustomed to it, and it would pass after he endured
it.
When he heard that his groaning became different, he
was frightened immediately, bit his lower lip tightly, the pain on his lip kept
him awake, and he was on guard, not daring to make a sound .
Shen Xuanqing heard the same thing, paused in the
darkness, his back was arched, like a leopard lurking in the night, ready to
go, when he heard Lu Gu's voice, his strong and smooth muscles tensed for a
moment, and his heart was suppressed. The fire was "vacated" and extinguished.
But the sound was only once, and he couldn't hear it
anymore, so he didn't care about anything else, and touched Lu Gu's cheek with
his left hand.
Realizing that Lu Gu was biting his lower lip, he was
afraid that his heavy breathing would frighten the timid Fulang, so he almost
held his breath, only the heaving chest revealed his impatience and excitement.
Gently pinching Lu Gu's chin, he said in a low voice:
"Don't bite."
Shen Xuanqing touched him with his right hand, and a
hoarse voice rang in Lu Gu's ear. He was kissed on the cheek, and the kiss was
light and restrained.
Gradually, Lu Gu was comforted, he was no longer overly
nervous, and he no longer bit his lower lip. In this kind of matter, the only
person he could rely on was Shen Xuanqing, so he was gradually dragged into the
vortex. It was too late.
The night was long, and the darkness covered
everything, making it impossible for people to know what happened.
In the early morning, there was dew dripping from time
to time in the woods, and the small and fat tits hopped up and down on the
branches twice, with the dew on their feathers, they trembled twice and tweeted
twice.
The forest outside woke up, and there was some movement
in the courtyard with high mud walls. Shen Xuanqing opened his eyes, turned
over and hugged Lu Gu, wrapping the quilt tightly around the two of them.
After lying down for a while, he couldn't hold back,
kissed Lu Gu's soft cheeks several times, and then got up to get dressed. When
he got out of bed, he stuffed Lu Gu’s underwear that was randomly thrown last
night into the bed. When Lu Gu got up, his underwear were no longer cold.
The door opened and closed before Lu Gu slowly opened
his eyes. He woke up just now, but he didn't dare to look at Shen Xuanqing, so
he kept his eyes closed.
There seemed to be a lingering warmth from the lips
that kissed his face. He couldn't help it, and wiped his cheek with the back of
his hand. It wasn't that there was saliva, but he felt that such a kiss was too
embarrassing, and subconsciously wanted to cover it up.
When Shen Xuanqing kissed him last night, he didn't
dare to move, he didn't even dare to close his mouth, but when he couldn't
breathe, he could only struggle a little. Both of them were too young,
even though Shen Xuanqing tried his best to follow suit, he still knocked his
teeth a few times.
Until there was the sound of footsteps outside the door
and the barking of dogs, Lu Gu, who had been lying down for a long time, he
felt nervous that he forgot to put on his clothes. Even he himself didn't know
why, so he closed his eyes tightly again.
Shen Xuanqing opened the door and came in, swept away
the previous depression between his brows, and smiled happily, but saw that Lu
Gu hadn't woken up yet, he scratched his head and felt a little helpless, the
water was boiled, and the pancakes brought yesterday were also steaming hot.
He was hesitant to wake him up, but when he looked
over, he found that Lu Gu closed his eyes tightly, his cheeks were slightly
red, and even his ears were a little red, which was not the same as falling
asleep peacefully.
"The pancakes are hot, I put them in the pot, you can
get up and eat it after you have a rest, I will leave first after eating, and
come back in the evening." Shen Xuanqing smiled, and went out after a
short pause.
The weather was getting colder and rainy in autumn, but
the sun was good today. The most important thing was to take advantage of the
weather to hunt more prey and sell them for money. As for other things, you
could take it easy. Besides, it was not certain that he could endure not to do
something to Lu Gu. It was also a way to rest.
Lu Gu rarely didn’t go to see Shen Xuanqing off, he
opened his eyes only after the sound of the dog barking gradually faded away,
he took out his underwear from the bed and put it on, blushing.
At this time, the puppy pushed open the lightly closed
door with his head, barked twice at him from under the bed, and wagged his tail
cheerfully.
Lu Gu got up and lifted the lid of the pot, moved the
drawer away, scooped the hot water in the pot to wash his hands, it was cold
early in the morning, and his teeth would hurt from soaking in cold water, so
hot water was better.
On the chopping board, Shen Xuanqing put the drink in a
bowl, and after washing, he came in to taste it, it was sweet, it was honey
water.
This time, when they went to the mountain, Wei Lanxiang
brought them pickled cowpeas, which were sour and spicy. He sat on the stool in
front of the stove and ate the cowpeas in one hand and pancakes in the other
hand.
Although he felt uncomfortable when he woke up today,
it was much better than before, at least it was not painful.
Two pancakes were enough for Lu Gu, and he washed his
hands after eating, otherwise he wouldn’t be able to work with oil on his
hands. There was no Dahui today, and it was difficult for him to travel
too far to find medicinal materials. After driving the chickens and ducks to
graze outside, he carried the bamboo basket on his back and brought the puppy
to the river to dig wild vegetables.
Purslane grew vigorously. This kind of wild vegetable
was the most tenacious. When it was dry, it wouldn’t die in the sun. As long as
it took a root, it could live. It was good for this to grow in the wild fields
by the river. If it grew in the fields, the farmers would hate it.
The old purslane Lu Gu didn’t take it, and only take the
tender ones, so that they wouldn’t bring dirt, and when he went back, he could wash
them with water and let them dry. This time, Shen Xuanqing found him a broken
mat that was not used at home. It was cleaned and dried at home for a day
before he brought it up, just enough to spread the wild vegetables on the
ground.