34 Part 26

Although they talked about the bad things in the
past, but after they stopped talking about it, the meal was still very happy.
The autumn wind rolled up the yellow and green leaves on the
ground, and the sun was still quite strong at noon. In the large fence outside
the courtyard, the fluffy chickens and ducklings screamed from time to time,
pecking the grass and chasing insects.
Lu Gu released them today, and picked peppers outside
the courtyard with a bamboo basket.
He was afraid that the ducks would swim along the river
when he couldn't see them, so he didn't put them in the pond. Anyway, the ducks
also ate the leaves and the caterpillar, so they were locked in the fence with
the chickens.
Autumn peppercorns were turning red, bright red
peppers were numb, and they should be picked within two days, otherwise the
peppers would be dried and cracked by the sun, and it would be difficult to
pick up when they fell to the ground, and it would be worthless if to sell.
Bunches of bright red peppercorns were picked off and
thrown into the nearly full bamboo basket at his feet. His hands were black and
dirty after picking them all morning, and there was a smell of numbness. Be
careful, or it would hurt if you got pricked by it.
There was
only
one person in Lu Gu. The two peppercorns trees were quite big, and there were a
lot of peppercorns. He had only picked half of them now, and he would have to
work all afternoon like this.
Just picking it off was not enough. If the sun was
good these days, it would be dry in the sun
for two days. After drying it, you could store it up. This thing was
not like vegetable. Even if you used it for
every meal, you couldn’t eat much. If so, a large bamboo basket may not be
eaten until the beginning of next spring. After a while, he would go down the
mountain and carried a basket back home.
Once before, he saw that Ji Qiuyue fried the dried
peppercorns in oil when cooking, and the oil became numbing after it was taken
out. After heating it up, she poured it on the cold dishes with a prickly
sound. It tasted very special. .
Because he wanted to finish this job earlier, Lu Gu
worked alone for a whole day. He ate two steamed buns at noon and served with
sour watercress to satisfy his hunger. Even dinner was a simple meal. The eggs,
which he was not willing to eat, were stuffed in the pot together with steamed
buns, and he just waited for Shen Xuanqing to come back and cooked some rice
wine, poured some rice wine and added some water, and boiled it to drink, which
was
faster than cooking rice porridge,
and there was
no need to worry about
setting fire.
It was simple, but compared to the spicy fried rabbit
meat and fish soup before, it was good for country people to eat scrambled
eggs.
When Shen Xuanqing came back in the evening, he heard a
dog barking and hurried out from the side of the west wall, and three dogs ran
over to surround him. During this period of time, even the black dog was
familiar with him, but because of the previous incident, Lu Gu still liked
Dahui the most.
His hands were black and dirty, and he didn't touch the
heads of the three dogs.
Shen Xuanqing unloaded the heavy bamboo basket at the
gate of the courtyard. Seeing that he hadn't finished his work, he also went to
look outside the west wall.
"Not much." Seeing that there were not many peppercorns
left on the trees, he simply picked them together with Lu Gu, and it wouldn’t
be too late to eat later.
The chickens crowed in the fence circle, the fence door
was closed, and Dahui stood upright, resting his front paws on the bamboo fence
and looking in. He seemed relieved, and after getting down, he regained his
composure. The other dogs itself were not very stupid, and they would follow
suit, and imitated him and took a look inside.
Lu Gu and Shen Xuanqing turned their backs to them, and
they didn't see this scene.
Shen Xuanqing ran in the mountains for a day and didn't
see Lu Gu all day. He also wanted to talk to fulang when he came back, so he
thought of a word and asked, "What are we eating today?"
Lu Gu seldom asked what he got, so he had to ask Lu
Gu.
He wasn't annoyed if Lu Gu didn't ask him, he was a
timid character, and every time he took something out of the bamboo basket, Lu
Gu would squat beside him, watched and listened carefully.
As soon as he heard that rice wine needed to be cooked,
Shen Xuanqing said: "Then you cook it first, and I'll pick the rest and
carry it back."
In this case, Lu Gu obeyed and went back first, and saw
Shen Xuanqing's big basket at the gate of the courtyard, He wanted to carry it
by hand, but he didn't move after a while, it was so heavy that he had to give
up.
When the sky darkened, Lu Gu cooked the rice wine and
put the food on the table. He was about to go out to call Shen Xuanqing for
dinner when he saw him coming back with the peppercorns and bamboo baskets while
driving the chickens and ducks.
After a day of hard work, he was able to rest after
closing the courtyard door. The black dirt on Lu Gu's hands couldn’t be washed
off after several times of washing with wild soapberries, but it could only
slowly fade away. That was how it was when picking peppercorns. He was not in a
hurry, just washed it and it would be clean in a few days.
"The fishes and shrimps in the river are getting
fatter, and the loaches are fatter too. I won't go out tomorrow. I will cast a
net by the river to catch some fish, then catch some purple belly and green
snails, and take them down the mountain to sell in two days." Shen
Xuanqing was still eating, he took a bite of scrambled eggs, and he was
satisfied. There were not many eggs brought up the mountain this time, and they
had eaten them twice. This time, there should be no more eggs.
When it came to this season, some people said,
"When the autumn wind blows, the loach is fat, and the loach is better than
the ginseng in early winter". In the past few years, he had learned from
the people in Fucheng that they paid attention to "eating autumn". Wild
things were sold well in restaurants in the town. Why not sold it for some
money, at this moment purple belly and green snails were quite expensive.
Shen Xuanqing was tired of running around in the mountains
and forests every day. He had no horses or carts, and only relied on two legs to
run around. After a long time, people who were hard-pressed couldn't stand it.
Now he didn’t
had to work hard to earn
money, but also wanted to change jobs to rest your legs.
The other one was his selfishness, he seemed to be
getting more and more familiar with Lu Gu, but he could only see him when he came
back at night, besides, he had never experienced what other people said about
being newlyweds. Don't mention anything else, it was inevitable that he had
some thoughts in his heart, and he wanted to spend more time with fulang.