97 Part

Chapter 97
Because they couldn't find an excuse for a while, Lu Gu had no choice but to remove the dirty bed mattress first, and after that the two of them put on the clean clothes.
When Lu Gu looked at the pile of bed sheet and quilt on the chair, let alone him, even Shen Xuanqing felt embarrassed.
After a long time, Shen Xuanqing said: "How about I'll find an excuse at noon to let my mother and the others go out first. Both of us will wash and hang them in the room. Close the doors and windows these days, don't open them. "
"Is this okay?" Lu Gu asked weakly.
"This is the only way. We can't take them out for washing right now." Shen Xuanqing also knew that if they hung them in the room, it would be a disaster if they were found out, but if they hung them in the yard today, the two of them had no children, they couldn't use an excuse like the child wet the bed.
It was true, so Lu Gu could only nod his head.
After lunch, Shen Xuanqing went out, and when he came back, he only said that the third grandma was doing needlework at home, and Wei Lanxiang, who was free and had nothing to do, didn't need to be urged, and she went over with her unfinished soles.
He pretended not to care, and after that he asked Shen Yan if she wanted to practice calligraphy. He said that Lu Gu was sick, lay down and couldn't come. If she wanted to practice calligraphy, he would look after her from the side.
Upon hearing this, Shen Yan quickly said that it was better to wait for brother Guzi to recover from his illness, otherwise it would be difficult for the two of them to learn together. After that, she took her embroidered basket and went out to follow Wei Lanxiang's footsteps.
It was alright if Ji Qiuyue stayed at home, but when she heard that Quanzi and his fulang were sitting in the yard, basking in the sun and teasing their baby, she also went out. Shen Yaoqing who had nothing to do, of course he also went out to follow his wife.
There was no one at home, so Shen Xuanqing immediately took the laundry wooden basin and poured warm water in it. Just after eating, he made an excuse that he wanted to wash his hair, so he boiled half a pot of boiling water.
Lu Gu saw that Shen Xuanqing came in with a wooden basin, and he quickly brought over the bed sheet and quilt, both of them had red ears.
Shen Xuanqing rubbed the wild soapberries to make foam and said: "It's too heavy to wring them until dry, just wash the dirty part."
"Yeah" Lu Gu replied in a muffled voice.
Fearing that their family members would come back suddenly, the two of them acted very quickly. Shen Xuanqing took a wooden stick and fork to build a wooden frame and placed it in the gap between the end of the bed and the wall. He put the bed sheet and quilt on the wooden frame and said: "For these few days, you have been wronged to pretend to be sick, because we need an excuse to close the windows and door. Even if we can't do it today, maybe it will be fine tomorrow."
Lu Gu's hands were still stained with water, and he nodded after hearing this, as long as they were not discovered, there was nothing wrong with it.
It was the first time for him to do such a sneaky action, and his heart was beating non-stop while washing, and now he felt a little relieved after finishing it.
The bed sheet and quilt on the wooden frame was one dark color and one light color. Shen Xuanqing looked at them, and then looked at Lu Gu, the nervous and excitement because of the sneaky action had passed, and he couldn't help showing a smile.
"I said I need to wash my hair, but it's sunny outside and there is no wind, so I'll wash my hair first, otherwise we will be exposed. " When he saw Lu Gu with his eyes curved, he couldn't hold back after speaking, so he stroked his fulang's hair, his heart was filled with joy.
For the next two days, the Shen family members were very considerate to Lu Gu who "caught a cold" and didn't suspect anything even though the door and windows of their room were closed all the time.
Of course, Lu Gu didn't stay in the room all the time, he would go outside when it was time for eating, and sometimes he basked in the sun in the courtyard, it was to show that his illness was not serious, otherwise Wei Lanxiang would ask Shen Xuanqing to go to get the medicine.
Most of the country people were like this, if the illness was not serious, it would pass after taking a rest for a while.
For the rest of the time, he stayed in the room and closed the door and windows. With Shen Xuanqing who dealt with the others outside, he was really not found.
It was cold in winter, they couldn't dry the bed sheet and quilt in the sun and they could only hang them in the room. The place where they hung the wet bed sheet and quilt was cold, and they hadn't been dried for two days, Lu Gu couldn't help feeling a little anxious.
At night Shen Xuanqing brought in the charcoal brazier on the pretext of warming the room for Lu Gu. When it got dark, everyone else fell asleep, and only the two of them secretly baked the bed sheet and quilt in the room.
"If I had known this, I should have roasted them with fire last night." Lu Gu said softly while touching the hot and dry bed sheet.
His whisper like a thief made Shen Xuanqing laugh.
The fire light reflected in Lu Gu's eyes, as if jumping in his eyes, flashing a warm and bright light.
The orange light from the flame made Lu Gu's silhouette become soft, his expression was innocent. Because the bed sheet and quilt were all dry, his eyes and eyebrows slightly curved because he was happy, so that those who looked at him couldn't help but be immersed in his happiness.
As expected there was really white jade skin like solidified fat in the world, Shen Xuanqing thought silently. He suddenly remembered the day when he got married, he lifted Lu Gu's red veil, and then he saw a Shuang'er with red mark between eyebrows and tears streaming down his face. At a glance, he knew that Lu Gu was good-looking.
When he saw Lu Gu's smooth skin, he thought of something else. The white jade skin must be well maintained. Apparently the windswept and and battered by rain in the countryside seemed to be harsher than the wind and rain in the town. He didn't have the ability to pamper his fulang, but he could afford the ointment to protect his hands, feet and face. When he went to the town, he would buy it and also cream for face.
[风吹雨打fēng chuī yǔ dǎ: windswept and battered by rain (idiom); to undergo hardship]