108 15

Lu Gu had never touched anything like rouge and face powder before, so buying it for the first time made his heart beat faster. He was worried as he thought about it, and he was so distracted that he didn't even notice that he had left the town.
As soon as Shen Xuanqing stopped, he also stopped. When he came back to his senses and was about to ask what was going on, his lips were wiped for a little while by Shen Xuanqing's thumb.
Shen Xuanqing froze when he realized that his hands were a little dirty, which was in stark contrast to Lu Gu's fair cheeks.
When he sold bamboo shoots and wild onions, weighing them would definitely get his hands dirty, but his handkerchief had been used to wipe sweat. Since the lip balm had already been rubbed all over, it was better to wipe it all off, went back and let Lu Gu wash it again.
Lu Gu's lips were rubbed a bit heavily, and Lu Gu frowned unconsciously. He didn't avoid it out of trust, but he still looked up at Shen Xuanqing in confusion.
Some people coming out of the town came to their side. After rubbing, Shen Xuanqing felt a little annoyed when he saw that Lu Gu's lips had turned red due to his rubbing, which was not much different from lip balm.
"What's wrong?" Lu Gu asked anxiously.
Shen Xuanqing walked forward carrying the bamboo basket. After walking a few steps, he muttered: "Don't wipe it again."
These words made Lu Gu feel more and more at a loss. He thought there was something wrong with him. He thought it was because he had applied lip balm and it didn't look good, so he responded with red ears in embarrassment, "Yeah."
The two of them walked forward in silence. After a while, Shen Xuanqing turned around and saw him looking embarrassed. Later, he realized that he didn't explain clearly, but he didn't know what to say at all.
The reason why he ruthlessly wiped off the lip balm on Lu Gu's lips was because he was haunted by jealousy.
The price of a box of good lip balm in the town was 160 copper coins. It was completely different from the one that the villagers used to give Lu Gu. After applying it, he looked so beautiful and delicate. On the way out of the town, many men paid attention to Lu Gu, and he wanted to glare back at them.
Fortunately, those people were not as tall as him and didn't dare to make mistakes at will.
As soon as they came out of the town, there were fewer people around them. The red color on Lu Gu's lips made him feel bad the more he looked at it. After wiping it off, he felt better.
"Don't think too much. I didn't think it through just now. This thing is expensive and not many people in the village use it. The facial cream and hand cream have no color and is not eye-catching when you use it. The lip balm is too red, if the villagers  see it, they might have red eye. It's not worth it to be talked about behind your back. You will have another opportunity to use lip balm later. It's not a festival now, and it's too conspicuous to put it on."
[红眼 hóngyǎn: lit. Red eye; to become infuriated, to see red, to be envious, to be jealous of]
Shen Xuanqing made an excuse, and the more he said it, the more serious his face became. Lu Gu couldn't help but believe it.
Lu Gu thought what Shen Xuanqing said was right, today was not a festival, and dressing up differently from others was indeed eye-catching. Lu Gu believed it without a doubt and nodded in agreement: "Well, I understand. We won't buy it if we don't need it in the future, otherwise it will be a waste of money."
With this conclusion, not only Lu Gu but Shen Xuanqing also returned to a good mood.
On the way home, they met two acquaintances from a neighboring village, and the four of them walked back together.
Lu Gu and Lin He's wife were walking in front. Shen Xuanqing was tall. While chatting with Lin He, he caught a glimpse of the small boxes in Lu Gu's bamboo basket and suddenly remembered that he had bought another ointment in the cosmetics shop before. The person who sold it to him was a clerk in the shop. A bottle of ointment worth eight copper coins and could be used for some time.