105

Li Wanyun wiped away her tears at this moment, she picked up a bamboo basket on the ground and said: "I haven't caught the thief, so I dare not say who the thief is. It's just that I really can't live this life. I have no land, and there is no vegetable field, so I can only dig wild vegetables. However a thief steal today, what if he steals again tomorrow when I'm out. Sooner or later this house will be emptied."
What she said was indeed reasonable. A person could be a thief for a thousand days, but there was no one who could guard against a thief for a thousand days. She was a widow with no one at home. She had no support and no money, but others still stepped on her head and bullied her.
"Alas." Wei Lanxiang sighed. In this kind of situation, Li Wanyun was all alone. Fortunately, Quanzi's family next door was good. If it was others, perhaps they would bully her due to the close proximity between the two neighbors.
"Now I don't have a copper coin in my hands. I don't have much rice or flour left at home. I only have a few chickens and ducks left in the backyard. I'm afraid that the thief will steal my eggs and meat before I can get them." Li Wanyun didn't cry at this moment, but her face had been looking bad recently, and her face was very pale.
She looked at Wei Lanxiang and Aunt Miao, then at the other fulangs in the village, she said, "Grandma, aunt, I'm not afraid of your jokes. I don't have money to eat or drink. Borrowing things is not an option. I can't pay you back. If anyone wants to buy the chickens and ducks in the backyard at a low price, so I can buy rice and flour to eat in the future. Otherwise, I won’t even be able to keep the chickens and ducks, and let the thief take advantage."
"Even if you sell the chickens and ducks for money, if the thief comes and steals it again later, then the money will be gone." Lin Jinhu, who lived in the middle of the village, also came to join in the fun. He arrived late and couldn't help but say something when he heard these words: "Even if you carry the money with you, what will you do if the thief comes to steal it at night?"
Before he could finish speaking, his wife pinched the flesh on his arm to silence him. Li Wanyun was a widow. If a thief came at night, how could he just steal the money? What if he also stole the owner of the house, wouldn't it tarnish her reputation?
After being pinched, Lin Jinhu realized that he shouldn't say these nonsense, so he shut up immediately.
But the words had already been spoken. Li Wanyun pursed her lips tightly and said after a while: "No, I'm going back to my parents' house. I don't have a cart at home, so it's hard to bring the chickens and ducks. But if I can exchange it into money and go back, I can also bring some rice and flour to my parents' family. I can't just come over and eat plain rice empty-handed. "
[吃白饭 chī bái fàn: lit. To eat plain rice; fig. to eat and not pay for it; to sponge off others, to freeload]
"That's not bad. The first seven days are over, and the rest is not so urgent." Shen Xuanqing spoke up, giving Li Wanyun a step to leave.
Sometimes people are like this, and they have to have someone to take the lead. Li Wanyun's life was difficult when his house was robbed, and it was not uncommon for a woman to go back to her parents' house with her children for a few days.
Lu Gu had money in his hands, and Shen Xuanqing stood by for reassurance. He was the first to ask Li Wanyun how she wanted to sell the chickens and ducks.
If the chickens and ducks could lay eggs, sometimes they could be sold for twenty copper coins. The eggs could be sold, and in the future if the old hens and ducks could no longer lay eggs, they could sell them. No matter what, they wouldn't lose money.
"Not many, there are two ducks, a rooster and four hens. If you want them all, the rooster will be given to you. A hen and a duck are ten copper coins each." Since it was Lu Gu who asked, Li Wanyun gritted her teeth and lowered the price to the lowest possible price, without mentioning even fifteen copper coins.
There were only seven in total, which was really not many. Lu Gu looked up at Shen Xuanqing and felt relieved when he saw him nodded.
"Okay, then we'll buy them all." Wei Lanxiang also said, and she glanced at Lu Gu.
"Mom, I'm going to get the money." Lu Gu understood what she meant. Since he was the one who wanted to buy it, there was no reason to let others in the family pay for it.
This transaction was very smooth. Lu Gu was the first to ask for it, so even though others were greedy for such a cheap price, there was nothing they could do. It wasn't that no one wanted to spend an extra copper to cut off the deal, even if the price of a laying hen was twelve copper coins, it was still a good deal. But they remembered how Shen Xuanqing punched the courtyard door, and with such a tall figure, others were unwilling to conflict with his family, and Li Wanyun also had agreed.
By the time Lu Gu came over, the villagers had dispersed. It was getting dark, and they still had to wash the dishes after dinner.
"This..." Li Wanyun roughly counted the copper coins, but there were seventy copper coins. According to what she just said, the rooster was given to Lu Gu for free, so sixty copper coins was enough.
"You must keep it." Lu Gu didn't say anything else, he just asked her: "When will you return to your parents' home?"
Li Wanyun stuffed the copper coins neatly into her arms, her eyes full of gratitude, she said, "It's late today, I'll go during the day tomorrow."
In this case, Lu Gu nodded and said nothing else. He caught the two ducks on the ground and the remaining five chickens. Shen Xuanqing and Wei Lanxiang also helped him to catch them. They called the puppy and the three of them went home.
Li Wanyun looked at them and opened her mouth wanting to give all the bamboo baskets at home to Lu Gu, but after thinking about it again, she finally gave up the idea and lowered her head to clean up the messy yard. Even if she would never come back in the future, she couldn't give away all her belongings. She had to behave as if she lived her life, otherwise others would become suspicious.