71 Part

Chapter 71
Shen
Xuanqing put down the cart leaning against the wall, tidied it up today, and they
could leave directly tomorrow morning.
Lu Gu had already woven two long chicken coops, which
were about the same length as the cart, and seven ducks and eight chickens could
squeeze inside, and if they couldn't fit, they could be carried down in bamboo
baskets.
Put the chicken cages on the cart first, and grabbed
the chickens and ducks tomorrow morning and stuffed them in.
There was still a gap in the cart, Shen Xuanqing picked
up the sack containing wild soapberries and put it on, Lu Gu picked two baskets
and poured them into the sack which was more than half full, it was really
heavy.
Although this thing was not very valuable, one copper coins
could buy a lot, but every family couldn't live without it. In winter, the wild
soapberries tree had few and small knots. They could sell ​​it for some money.
After tying up the mushrooms bag, Lu Gu looked at the
wild vegetables he had dried, and Machicais were the most. He dried a full
sack, not to mention six people, ten people would be enough to eat it.
There were also other dried wild vegetables. There were
not too many sacks to separate them, so they were packed together.
Dipicai and black mushrooms were rarer than the wild
vegetables. Lu Gu packed them in clean cloth bags separately, but black mushrooms
was less. He picked up dipicai many times after the rain, and the cloth bag was
almost full after drying.
After the medicinal material Lu Gu was dried in the
sun, the bundles that should be tied up had already been tied up. The most common
one was a sack of mugwort leaves. Fortunately, it would become lighter after
drying and not so heavy.
Goji berries and dogwood fruits were used as medicine
so he put it in small bags. Goji berries had gradually faded during this
period, and there were not so many. He put four small bags under the bamboo
basket, and then put camellia and medicinal materials in it. A bamboo basket could
carry a lot.
As for tianwogens, Lu Gu didn't dig much afterwards,
and there were only six leftovers to eat in the past few days, and they were
steamed when they were brought up at home, so you didn't need to take them out
after eating.
"Do you want to take chestnuts and
hazelnuts?" Lu Gu asked as he pulled out the bamboo basket containing
medicinal materials.
Except for the chestnuts that they picked up with their
family before, the two of them went to the forest to pick up some if they
wanted to eat them, and there were still some left over to eat today.
"There are still some at home, how many do we have?
If not too many, take them down." Shen Xuanqing walked over while talking.
"It's not many, there's only a little left, then I’ll
pack it now." Lu Gu replied, he knew there was some at home, so he asked.
"En." Shen Xuanqing agreed, seeing that the
bamboo basket was full of medicinal materials, he took it and said, "It's
too cold at night, put it in the main room first, so you can see it anytime and
you won't be afraid to forget it."
"Okay." Lu Gu nodded, and a few cloth bags
from the low house were brought out.
A bag of dried mushrooms, half a bag of black mushrooms,
a bag of dried dipicai, and a bag of wild tea. The dry goods were relatively
light. He glanced at the cart. It was too heavy to pull. He simply put these four
bags into the bamboo basket for him to carry.
Badgers, rabbits and pheasants would be taken down
tomorrow, and put these wild animals into the sacks was fine, but there must be
a gap, otherwise it would be difficult to carry.
Shen Xuanqing came to the low house to take a look
again, and said: "Machicais and mugwort leaves are not heavy, put them on
the top of chicken coop, and when the cart is loaded tomorrow, take a bundle of
hemp rope, so you won't be afraid of falling."
After he finished speaking, he started. After getting
out the two sacks, Lu Gu saw that there was only food left in the low house,
and there was nothing else to bring, so he brought out the bamboo basket,
closed and locked the door, and the low house was finished.
In the kitchen, you didn’t need to take salt, dry
peppers and the like, but you had to take half a jar of honey with you. As for
the jar of pickles, Lu Gu opened and looked at it, and there was still a
smaller jar. He had pickled sour cress several times before, and he pickled it
with salt instead.
Country people bought less, so they like to pickle more
vegetables. But pickles needed a lot of salt, and most people couldn't afford
them. Lu Gu only learned how to pickle pickles after he came to Shen's house.
When he was in Lu's house, most of them were pickles. But the hot and sour cowpea
pickled in lotus, they still kept on guard against him.
After the salty lumps (
咸
疙瘩
) were marinated, they could be sliced
​​and shredded. The sliced ​ones were usually eaten with steamed buns in the
hand, and shredded ones were eaten with chopsticks when eating.
Last time they went home, Ji Qiuyue also cut the salty
lumps into small cubes, then chopped some ginger, poured hot oil on it, and
then mixed the ginger and pickles evenly, it was delicious and salty. Broke open
the hot white flour steamed buns and put them in. It was delicious to eat only
with this and without vegetables.
Ginger was a good thing to dispel the cold and warm the
stomach, but there was not so much minced ginger, and the taste of ginger was
quite light.
The pickles used a lot of salt, which was precious.
Last time they went to a restaurant, although they only ordered meat, Lu Gu
heard that someone in the restaurant was asking for pickles to go with wine. He
couldn't hear the noise clearly. It seemed that it was fifteen copper coins or
so, which was precious.
He was a bit reluctant so he squatted in front of the
jar, and when he saw Shen Xuanqing coming in, he said: "We can eat it today
and tomorrow, and I want to take it with me."
He looked reluctant, and Shen Xuanqing couldn't help
laughing, and said: " Just take it with you."
The mountain road was
far away, Dahui and Dabai had to run for a while back, Shen Yaoqing and the
others had to walk up for a while, Lu Gu made more for lunch, and they would eat
first.
In the afternoon when Lu Gu was packing the clothes of
the two of them, he heard Dahei barking in the yard and ran out.
He hurriedly went outside the courtyard with Shen
Xuanqing, and soon they saw Wei Lanxiang, Shen Yaoqing and Shen Yan. Dahei and the
other dogs running beside them, wagging their tails happily.
"Mother, brother." Shen Xuanqing shouted, and
Lu Gu also shouted.
Dahui and Dabai didn't keep up, and the dogs were tired
from running back and forth for such a long distance, so they were left to rest
at home.
Tired and hungry after walking all the way, with the
food in the pot, Lu Gu first went to the kitchen and lit the stove to heat it
up. It was better to eat the warm ones when it was cold, so it wouldn't hurt
your stomach.