63 Part

Chapter
63
Shen
Xuanqing never came back that night, Lu Gu heard Shen Yaoqing closing the
courtyard door outside, turned over and closed his eyes and fell asleep.
It was useless for Tang Pozi so he put it on the table.
The house was better than the mountain, and it was not so cold. Before going to
bed, he was disturbed by his own thoughts. Lu Gu thought again, Shen Xuanqing
would definitely come back tomorrow, and felt more at ease.
There was nothing to say all night, and the next day
was cloudy, and the sun peeked out from the clouds for a short while from time
to time, so he knew it wouldn’t rain.
Lu Gu carried the bamboo basket on his back and took a
small hoe, and went up the mountain with Shen Yan and Ji Qiuyue to find
Tianwogen.
Shen Yaoqing followed them up the mountain, with a hemp
rope on his shoulders and a hatchet in his waist, and he wanted to collect some
firewood to sell in the town. By the way, he looked for suitable trees on the
mountain, and looked for someone to work together to cut some to use in the
winter.
When he felt tired after working as a coolie at the wharf
for a few days, he would rest at home for half a day. It didn’t had to be so
hard like when he still had to pay off his debts, he was too busy and sometimes
he couldn’t take time off. He either collected firewood or fished, and he would
get ten or twenty copper coins, at least it was an income.
It was easy to sell firewood and fish, so he wouldn’t
buy food in the town. The country people spend very little money on food and
drink when they go home. They were all grown by themselves or obtained from
mountains and rivers.
Nowadays, there were no natural disasters and man-made
disasters to disturb the peace and prosperity. As long as ordinary people worked
hard, it was no problem to had enough food.
"Be careful." Seeing that they found a clump
of Tianwogen, Shen Yaoqing went to collect firewood in the forest alone after a
few words of advice.
"Okay, you can go." Ji Qiuyue responded.
Dahui was sniffing around, and the puppy followed him.
Lu Gu ignored them when he saw that they hadn't gone far. There were a lot of Tianwogen
here.
It was not good for the two of them to swing the hoe
together, it was easy to bump into each other, and it wouldn't be good if you
got hurt. Ji Qiuyue looked for Tianwogen elsewhere, and she really found a
small clump. There were few over there, so they started to get busy.
"It's hard to find in the front mountain. If you
want to get more later, you'd better go deeper." Shen Yan squatted on the
ground, took a big Tianwogen in his hand and knocked it on the ground, rubbing
the wet soil on it. Knocked it off, wiped off most of the soil with your hands,
and then threw it into the bamboo basket.
"I found quite a few in the mountains, but they are
too heavy. Erqing couldn't pull them down, so I didn't dig any more after
that." Lu Gu also knelt down to pick up Tianwogen.
Shen Yan said: "Brother Guzi, you don't have to go
so far, just go a little deeper. When the weather turns cold and there are few
jobs at the wharf, my sister-in-law and I will let Brother Daqing go together,
otherwise the deep forest is too scary, and with the second elder brother followed,
we don't need to worry."
That
was the case, Lu Gu nodded, tianwogen grew in the ground, it was a wild
vegetable that could survive the winter, when he and Shen Xuanqing didn't go up
the mountain anymore, as long as the weather was good, didn't rain even when it
snowed, you could go into the mountains to dig.
"Woof!" the puppy suddenly barked.
Lu Gu looked over subconsciously, and Dahui was quickly
digging a hole in the ground. He had seen this scene before, and it was to
catch voles.
Sure enough, after the hole was dug, a fat big vole was
caught, and after a few struggles, the neck was bitten off by Dahui.
Dahui had been raised by Shen's family for almost two
years, and Shen Yan and Ji Qiuyue naturally knew that it could catch voles, and
could even tell the difference between mice and voles.
If he catched a mouse at home, he would kill it, but he
wouldn’t eat it. If he was diligent, he would take it out and throw it away. If
it was vole, he would let someone to bake and cook it.
When Ji Qiuyue got closer, Dahui approached her with a
big vole in his mouth. She picked a big tree leaf and put it on the ground. She
pointed at the leaf and said, "Go back and cook it for you. Put it on here
first."
When Dahui saw her finger pointing at the leaves, he
lowered his head and let go the vole from his mouth, and put the vole on it.
"It's really spiritual." Ji Qiuyue said with
a smile. She was quite afraid of things like mice and voles. It would be better
to wrap them with leaves. If you met Daqing later, let him peel the skin, otherwise
it was not easy to roast even the skin and hair.
The puppy barked at the dead vole for a while, seeing
that the vole hadn't moved a bit, he leaned over to smell it, then turned
around to play. He ran to Lu Gu's side and then ran away. He was very lively,
but he didn't learn from Dahui’s ability to catch voles.
Shen Xuanqing and Lu Gu said that the puppy was smart,
but he was still a little playful, lazy and unwilling to learn skills, and he
must teach them well later.
Lu Gu had never raised a dog before, so he didn't know
that dogs were so human-like. The four dogs in the family had different
temperaments, so he thought it was very interesting.
The three of them came out and carried two bamboo
baskets, and they dug up a total of twenty or so tianwogen, but they couldn't
find them after searching for a while.
It was okay to kill fish and chickens, she doesn't want
to skin this thing, thinking about it for a long time, according to the past,
Shen Yaoqing should had gathered the firewood, so she shouted to Dahui:
"Go to Daqing."
After hearing this, Dahui
pricked up his ears and turned around to run towards the woods. The puppy
followed him and ran wildly. Lu Gu originally wanted to call out for him, but
he saw that he had grown up a lot. So he closed his mouth.