19 Part 26

Lu Gu's eyes widened when he heard the old bear coming, obviously he was afraid. He knew the dangers in the mountains before, but he didn't expect an old bear to come to the place where the two of them were going to live. But after Shen Xuanqing finished speaking, he saw that the courtyard wall was so high, if something really came, it wouldn't be able to break in, so his heart fell back again.
He helped to move the dishes on the cart to the kitchen. He took a look at the mess inside, but he didn't dare to speak. He frowned and thought he would clean up after breakfast.
The two walked on the road for three hours, the mountain road was not easy to walk, Shen Xuanqing was still pulling a cart weighing more than 200 jin, now he was tired and hungry, Lu Gu saw that there was nothing he could move, so he He rolled up his sleeves and got busy on the stove.
He brought about a dozen steamed buns from home, and he could eat them as soon as they were warmed up. He picked up well-ripe vegetables, washed them and fried them, and scrambled a plate of eggs.
When he was at Lu's house, he didn't go into the kitchen very often. Du Hehua was afraid that he would steal food, so she watched closely and didn't let him touch those things. After arriving at Shen's house, there was Ji Qiuyue cooking.
Eggs were precious, so when he scrambled the eggs, he was very careful, for fear that they would be burnt. Who knew that even with such excessive caution, the eggs still burned a little bit.
Lu Gu was so frightened that he quickly took out the eggs, his face was pale, and he didn't dare to take the eggs out for Shen Xuanqing to see.
But he was hungry and wanted to see if the meal was good. Shen Xuanqing pursed his lips slightly and came in. This was the first time he had breakfast with Lu Gu. It was different from at home.
But as soon as he came in, he saw Lu Gu standing in front of the stove with a pale face, embarrassed, and then looked at the plate of somewhat mushy eggs, and he knew the reason.
sometimes someone cooked messily, even Wei Lanxiang used to burn the pot dry when cooking, and the rice in the pot turned into black burnt, but she couldn't bear to throw it out, so she insisted on sharing it with the whole family. Shen Xuanqing still remembered the bitterness of that black burnt rice.
Although the eggs were burnt, not all of them were burnt. It was much better than his mother's time.
"Let's eat when we're done." He took the egg plate and took the steamed bun basket as he walked out.
Not being reprimanded, Lu Gu dared to pant, took the chopsticks and followed out with the bowl of green vegetables.
The sun was shining, and it was already noon when the two of them arrived here. After eating, Shen Xuanqing didn't hang around in the mountains like before. He rubbed his shoulders and entered the room. After a whole morning's journey, no matter how strong a person was, he had to rest for a while .
Lu Gu was washing the dishes alone in the kitchen. In fact, there were only two pairs of chopsticks and two bowl. It didn't take much effort. But he was so careful, after realizing that there was a figure at the door of the kitchen, Lu Gu, who was squatting down to pack firewood, looked up.
Shen Xuanqing held a porcelain bottle in his hand, and held it tightly. After Lu Gu looked over, he lowered his eyes and said in a low voice, "I can't touch my back shoulder. You can rub some medicine for me."
Lu Gu was stunned for a moment , then reacted, responded in a low voice, and said quickly after getting up: "I wash my hands."
That being the case, Shen Xuanqing went back to the room first, and when Lu Gu came in, he hesitated, and took off his clothes. He looked calm and composed, but in fact he was a little cautious in his actions.
The young man in front of him was slender and strong, different from the short and stout one, tall and strong, he was indescribably good-looking. Lu Gu didn't dare to look at him casually, walked behind Shen Xuanqing with his head down, took the porcelain bottle from the table, followed Shen Xuanqing's whispered instructions, poured the red viscous medicine into the palm of his hand, rubbed his hands slightly to warm them up, and then put the palm of your hand on the red mark on Shen Xuanqing's back shoulder and rub it so as to dissolve the medicine.
It was different from Shen's house, it was only the two of them here, there was no Shen Yan and Ji Qiuyue who could talk to him, and because he fried the eggs himself, he felt empty in his heart, so he didn't dare to approach Shen Xuanqing even more , so he simply hid to Clean up the kitchen.
It didn't take long for the medicine to be applied, but it was quite a long time for Lu Gu. Even if they slept together at night, they were both wearing underwear, and he had never seen Shen Xuanqing who was shirtless. He was originally a tall man who he didn't dare to get close to. After taking off his shirt, his bronze muscles showed a bit of wildness and aggression, which made him even more frightened, almost trembling.
Shen Xuanqing was only eighteen years old. He had worked hard in the past few years and honed some muscles that shouldn't be underestimated. However, he was still young, and he was still a green young man. Even so, it was scary enough for Lu Gu.
"Okay ." Lu Gu's voice trembled a little, and he didn't dare to touch anymore.
Shen Xuanqing's Adam's apple moved with his back turned to him, and his voice was deep: "Well, I'll do the rest."
Not only his back shoulders, but also his shoulders were red and worn out, even because his little husband's hands were light and soft , let him think a little bit more, and then rubbed the wound on his shoulder, but when he heard Lu Gu's voice trembling slightly, it was obvious that he was still afraid of him, so he stopped thinking about it.
Growing up so big, and often doing some physical work, it was common for him to apply medicine for injuries. Sometimes he couldn't reach it and asked others to help, but other people were not as meticulous and gentle as Lu Gu, and when Shen Xuanqing was asked to apply medicine himself, the ears were slightly red
Lu Gu, who was able to escape, returned to the kitchen. And after he walked the mountain road all morning naturally his legs were tired, so he sat on the small stool while the fire was burning to rest.
he was terrified, but his palms were scorching hot. The outrageous thing of touching the flesh of a man made him felt terrified. After a while, he realized that it was Shen Xuanqing, not another man. Speaking of it, there was no need to shy away from it.
Even though it was the reason, he was still a little at a loss. In the end, Shen Xuanqing was thinking about his tired legs and feet. After applying the medicine and getting dressed, he called him into the room, and they lay side by side side on the bed as they were at the foot of the mountain.