Lu Gu and Ji Qiuyue walked home together, he took out a brand new handkerchief from his bosom and said, "Sister-in-law, I embroidered carps and scattered coins on handkerchief for you to use."
The copper coins scattered when the bride came at the wedding were called carp coins, which were used to pray for fertility. The more sons, the more happiness. Carp had been auspicious sign since ancient times. There was a painting of a fat baby holding a carp in Ji Qiuyue's room. Although they were not getting married now, he had embroidered many other handkerchiefs with different patterns, so he wanted to embroider one that was both auspicious and unique for Ji Qiuyue.
Ji Qiuyue took the handkerchief, unfolded it and saw a pair of red carp waving tails on it, with scattered copper coins below. The embroidery was not big, but it was beautiful and novel. She was amazed and praised repeatedly: "It's really beautiful, you have such a skillful hand."
Even Shen Xuanqing, who was a few steps behind, heard it and raised his head to take a look at the handkerchief. He was busy on the mountain, so he didn't pay much attention when Lu Gu was doing embroidery work. He never thought that he would embroider this, so he also praised it, "It's beautiful."
Everyone liked to hear words of praise, and Lu Gu was no exception. He was so shy when he was praised, but his crescent eyes showed that he was obviously very happy. When they got home, Ji Qiuyue showed Wei Lanxiang and the others the handkerchief, and they also praised him which made him feel embarrassed.
"Sit down and have a rest. Mom will cook for you." Wei Lanxiang brought out some pastries from the room for them to fill their stomachs. Then she walked towards the kitchen and asked Shen Yan to pour them some water. She remembered that there was still honey in the honey jar at home, so she asked Shen Yan to make some honey water for them to drink.
"Why are you coming back so late this time?" Shen Yaoqing asked while unloading the cart in the yard. He took Dabai down and was relieved to see that the dog could still walk.
"It's not easy to go up the mountain. It's better to think of ways to hunt living preys, which is better than rushing on the road. " Shen Xuanqing said after taking a sip of water.
In the past, they always went down the mountain once every half a month. Not to mention himself, it was too hard for Lu Gu to follow him on the mountain road. After running back and forth, he was afraid that the little meat that Lu Gu had gained with great difficulty in the winter would be lost. He didn't think much about it before going up the mountain, but decided to stay for a few more days after he got there.
"That's right." Shen Yaoqing moved down the rabbit cage. Running back and forth and working tiredly were actually quite harmful. Seeing that the rabbits in the cage were still alive, he raised his head and said, "I have built the rabbit cage in the backyard. There is no rush now. You can take a rest before you go and have a look."
Seeing that there were still empty oil cans on the cart, he said, "I just came back from buying oil the day before yesterday. I bought a lot of it, and some sesame oil. I'll give them to you two."
"Yes." Shen Xuanqing nodded and reached for a pastry.
"Brother Guzi, I have saved up all the chicken eggs and duck eggs for you. There are quite a few." Shen Yan's almond-shaped eyes were filled with smiles. She had always been very close to Lu Gu. She felt that she had contributed a lot by saving so many chicken and duck eggs, her tone was very cheerful.
She and Ji Qiuyue had been together for a long time, So she spoke a bit like her.
Shen Xuanqing next to her laughed when he heard her words. This girl had learned how to ask for favors and take credit, so he said: "You should also get a share of the money from feeding the chickens, so ask Brother Guzi to give you some of the money from the eggs. "
Lu Gu, who had a pastry in his mouth, had the same idea, but he couldn't speak. He could only nod along to Shen Xuanqing's words. When he was not at home, Shen Yan helped him take care of the chickens and ducks. He couldn't just take all the benefits for himself. Besides, Shen Yan had always treated him well, so how could he not share some of the benefits?