88 Part

Chapter 88
Day
by day passed quickly, and it was almost the twelfth lunar month.
On the fifth day of the twelfth lunar month, Lu Gu
soaked the beans the night before. Today was the Five Beans Festival, and the
family would eat five beans porridge, red beans, soybeans, chai beans, black
beans, mung beans, five kinds of beans plus yellow rice and peanuts to make
porridge.
It was said that the twelfth lunar month was a good
time to appreciate the snow, but this kind of leisure was mostly only available
for the wealthy families. For farmers, the most important thing was to have a
full stomach first.
Early in the morning, when the sky was bright, Lu Gu boiled
water in the kitchen. After the water boiled, Shen Xuanqing and Shen Yaoqing
scooped up the water to wash up, and he put the pancakes on the bamboo steamer.
Shen Xuanqing had nothing to do, the weather was cold
and even his exhaled breath was white, so he practiced boxing in the yard.
This was what Lao Yangtou taught him before, and he
also taught him a set of sword skills. They all said that poor people were rich
in martial arts. Whether it was boxing or practicing swordsmanship. When they
started to practice, they were hungry and ate much faster. Even rice and flour
couldn’t satisfy their appetite, and they felt full only after eating meat.
It had been three years since he started boxing, and his
head was still a little rusty and stagnant, but it would be fine after
practicing. The Severity, speed, and slowness had their own rules, the speed
may be slow or fast, the waist and legs were strong, and the movements were
powerful and beautiful.
Lu Gu heard the movement outside and looked out through
the crack of the window, and he saw Shen Xuanqing who was punching and
practicing martial arts. He was surprised but felt that this should be the
case. He had seen Shen Xuanqing’s archery and hunting before. At that time, he
felt that he was different from ordinary men, and he really knew martial arts.
Withdrew the strength and returned the hand, and the
practice of boxing was over.
Shen Xuanqing looked up and saw Lu Gu who was standing
at the door of the kitchen. A smile immediately appeared on his expressionless face.
After thinking for a while, he said, "Practice boxing to keep fit. How
about I teach you a little moves, it’s warm even if you wake up early."
Lu
Gu didn't expect that Shen Xuanqing was going to teach him boxing just because
he watched him practice for a while. He was dazed, and Shen Xuanqing who had
nothing to do, dragged him into the yard to teach him.
"Wrong, this is how you make a fist." Shen
Xuanqing smiled while holding his smaller hand.
Lu Gu's punches were limp, and his feet were not
stable, obviously not suitable for martial arts, and he passed the best age,
but if he really practiced, his body might be better.
"Why do you teach Guzi this?" Wei Lanxiang
saw them practiced boxing in the yard as soon as she came out of the room, she
didn't agree with it in her heart, how could a good shuang’er practice boxing
like a rough guy.
As soon as Shen Xuanqing heard it, he said:
"Mother, you can
strengthen your
body with boxing. You can move your body to warm up, so why you can’t practice
boxing? This is not a bad thing."
Wei
Lanxiang still felt that it was inappropriate, so she glanced at her son and
said: "When you talk a lot, everything you say is justified."
Lu Gu had no idea, she knew it must be Shen
Xuanqing's instigation. Reading and writing were just a matter of course, it
was a quiet and serious matter, but no one would teach their fulangs how to
punch and use a knife. This was something only wild boys did. If the villagers saw
it, they would laugh behind their backs.
Shen Xuanqing didn't say a word, living together was
like this, when he thought differently about somethings, so he would inevitably
get scolded a few times.
Seeing that Lu Gu was anxious, he looked at Wei
Lanxiang helplessly, and said, "Mother, I didn't ask him to go out and
compete with others, and I teach him a few punches and kicks just to let him move
his hands and feet in the yard. This boxing method is warmer than stomping his
feet around. "
Usually, Shen Xuanqing would bow his head and keep
silent when she scolded him, but he would still do what should be done, and she
couldn't control it.
Today, it was rare to give her some explanations softly,
so Wei Lanxiang took another look at him, and said: "Well, don't go out to
practice, just stay at home, it's not good for people to see."
Lu
Gu was pressed down by Shen Xuanqing and took a horse stance, so he couldn’t
escape, he said in low voice: "Mother, the pancakes in the pot should be
hot, and the water is also hot."
"Okay,
you do your work first." Wei Lanxiang said, and went into the kitchen to
scoop up water to wash up.
After she entered the kitchen, Shen Xuanqing whispered
in Lu Gu's ear: "It's okay, mother didn’t scold you, it was me, don't be
afraid, just practice your skills."
The warm breaths swept over the ear, and Shen
Xuanqing's voice was lowered, which was different from usual, it was lower and
deeper, which made Lu Gu lower his eyes in a hurry, and let out a
"huh" with red ears.
His ears were obviously red, Shen Xuanqing didn't care
at first when he saw this, but when he saw that there was no one else in the yard,
he pinched Lu Gu's earlobes with his hands, they were soft, and the ears became
even redder when he touched them, he couldn't help but
smile.
In
broad daylight, still in the house, Lu Gu was very embarrassed when he pinched
his ears like this. When he heard Shen Yan's voice, he panicked and got up to
push Shen Xuanqing's troubled hands away, he blushed and felt shy, he said:
"You... I'm going to wash the beans."
Shen
Xuanqing stared behind him with a smile in his eyes, with his hands behind his
back, and his face was quite serious, but he rubbed his fingertips lightly, as
if he was still yearning for the touch of the earlobe.