79 Part

Chapter 79
Lu
Gu glanced at Shen Yaoqing and Wei Lanxiang, and he knew from their expressions
that the family didn't want to have anything to do with the Zhang family, so he
didn't dare to tell his family about the steamed buns for a while, at most, at
most, he would tell Shen Xuanqing when he came back.
As for the two steamed buns, he secretly gave them to Xiao
Zhang, as long as the Zhang family didn't know about it.
With only two steamed buns, Shen Xuanqing probably
wouldn't scold him. Even he thought so, Lu Gu was still a little apprehensive.
Everyone in the village cleared the snow in front of
their gates, but the mountain roads were not cleaned up. He deliberately went
around behind the house and walked up the mountain, for fear of being seen by
the villagers. While walking, he couldn't help thinking, the snow was so thick,
but Xiao Zhang was beaten and ran so fast, she must be terrified.
The puppy came out with him, and his limbs fell into
the snow. He wanted to let the puppy go back, but when he looked ahead and saw
the white snow on the mountain, he was a little afraid to go to Xiao Zhang
alone, so he called out Guaizi and let him follow.
It was convenient to find people in the snow, as long
as you could see the traces Xiao Zhang stepped on.
Lu Gu climbed up the gentle slope. The forest was too
quiet, which made him a little scared, but he glanced at the puppy next to his
legs, and moved forward vigorously, trying to find the path that Xiao Zhang had
walked. He didn't take a few steps, the puppy suddenly barked at a few trees
next to him.
The traces in the snow over there were originally going
up, but he found that there was someone behind those trees, who else could it
be if it wasn’t Xiao Zhang. She probably ran up and then turned back, he hid
behind the trees and didn’t dare to go downhill.
He often lived in the deep mountains with
Shen Xuanqing, and didn't have much contact with the villagers. When he saw
Xiao Zhang, he recalled how Wei Lanxiang called her, and then he said
cautiously: "Wanyun, it's me, Guzi, not someone else"
There was snow under his feet, but
fortunately Lu Gu was wearing cotton shoes, so it wasn't that cold. He
took out the two steamed buns from his arms and said in low voice, "I'll
give you two steamed buns, not hot but soft."
Li Wanyun slowly poked her head out from behind the
tree, the first one she looked at was not Lu Gu, but behind him, and she wiped
the tears off her face when she saw that Zhang Zhengzi was nowhere to be seen.
It was too cold, she was wearing thin clothes, she was
not warm enough, the tears on her eyelashes had turned to hoarfrost, her hair
was messed up due to the beating, her hair was disheveled, and her face was
stained with tears and blood.
Shen Xuanqing and Zhang Zhengzi were the same age and
generation, so even if Zhang Zhengzi got married first, Lu Gu didn't need to
call Li Wanyun sister-in-law or anything.
"Woof!" The puppy barked, causing Li Wanyun
to shrink back in fright, Lu Gu hurriedly imitated Shen Xuanqing and stopped
the puppy.
The dogs also knew how to understand words and
expressions. When facing Zhang Zhengzi, the puppy kept biting, but when he was
facing Li Wanyun now, he sensed her weakness, so he stopped barking.
Lu Gu waited at the same spot for a while before Li
Wanyun came out. Li Wanyun took the two steamed buns in his hand and devoured
them quickly. After being choked, she didn't care about anything else, she
grabbed a handful of snow and stuffed it into her mouth.
"Don't tell people that I gave you steamed buns,
or..." Lu Gu frowned, and said in low voice , "Otherwise, I might
suffer too."
Li
Wanyun's mouth was full of food, she nodded desperately when she heard the
words, her eyes were not sure whether she was choking or something, and she
shed tears.
Lu Gu didn't dare to stay longer in the mountain, for
fear of being seen by others, he couldn't hold back and said when he was about
to leave: "Then do you want to go back? It's too cold on the
mountain."
After hearing Lu Gu’s words, her face was
full of sorrow, so what could she do when she went back, if things didn't go
his way, he would hit her again.
Li Wanyun ate very quickly, she swallowed the last
gulp, and said in a hoarse voice: "I don't know, if he doesn't calm down, I
will get beaten again when I go back."
Who didn't want to live if they could live, why starved
to death and froze to death in the mountains, she ran away and went up the
mountain, she saw that Zhang Zhengzi didn't chase her because he didn't want to
freeze to death on the mountain. Zhang Zhengzi often beat her, knowing that she
was timid and afraid of death, so he went back without looking for her.
But even if she went back now, Zhang Zhengzi and Lao
Zhang’s temperament were not good, and if they wanted to beat and scold her,
what should she do.
It was not that she hadn't returned to her natal home
after being beaten, but every time Zhang Zhengzi went to pick her up, her parents
said that since she was married, so they couldn't care about her anymore. At
most, they just scolded Zhang Zhengzi. When she was beaten back to her natal
home for the first time, her natal family beat Zhang Zhengzi, but in the end it
was still useless.
Every time when he was at her mother's house, Zhang
Zhengzi looked like a human being. He apologized with a smile on his face and
said that he didn't dare to do it anymore. But when they came back to his home to
live in peace for a few days, once his mother had a fit, he would beat her
again
. S
o
many times that even her parents was tired, and she gradually resigned to her
fate.
Aunt
Miao once wanted to help her, but she was bullied and abused by Lao Zhang.
Seeing Lu Gu now, Li Wanyun didn't dare to ask him to take her in. Beside, Lu
Gu was a new fulang and he couldn't talk in the Shen
family.
If he just left like this, leaving Xiao Zhang
alone in the mountain, Lu Gu felt uneasy, he was stupid and couldn't think of a
good way, he gritted his teeth and said: "Why don't you hide behind the
house, don't stay in the mountain, I will find you at noon and give you some
food."
Li Wanyun looked at him, wiped away her
tears and nodded, “Okay, I think I will go back at night when they have calmed
down. It’s quiet at night, and he won’t hit me, afraid that the villagers will
hear their joke. "
After it was decided, Lu Gu would take
the puppy down the mountain first, and Xiao Zhang waited until she couldn’t see
him before carefully going back to the village.
Lu Gu was also very cautious when he came
back. When the Shen family built the house, there was no back door to guard
against thieves, so he could only walk around to the front yard from the back
of the house. As soon as he came out, he had a face-to-face meeting with Shen
Xuanqing, he was so frightened that he stopped immediately and his eyes
widened.
Shen
Xuanqing, who was carrying a basket, came back from buying tofu. He never
expected to see Lu Gu coming back from the back of the house before entering
the door, he asked, "What are you doing behind the house?"
"I, I..." Lu Gu was not good at
lying, he hesitated and didn't speak for a long time.
Shen Xuanqing frowned slightly, not knowing what
happened to him, but seeing that he was not dirty or injured, he asked again:
"Can't you tell me what happened?”