86 Part

Chapter 86
The
village at the foot of the mountain was peaceful. The sky was not very good in
the morning, it was gray, and it was like this in the cold winter. The days
passed quickly, and it would be the twelfth lunar month in a few days.
The smoke was rising from the kitchen, and even though
there was little work in the winter, the second room of Shen's family still ate
three meals a day. If they didn't fill their stomachs when they got used to eat
three meals a day, they would feel agitated.
The breakfast was simple, Lu Gu cut a few salted duck
eggs today, and when he saw a lot of winter bamboo shoots in the bamboo basket
after eating, he said to Shen Xuanqing: "Why don't you kill an old hen and
stew it with the bamboo shoots? The old hen is old and won't lay eggs in the
future, and we haven't made soup for sister-in-law in the past few days."
"Okay,
I'll do it." Shen Yaoqing heard it from the side, he didn't let Shen
Xuanqing go to the backhouse to catch the chicken, and he went by himself.
Taking advantage of the fire at the bottom of the
stove, Lu Gu added a few more firewood to scald the feather later.
He brought the bamboo basket over, he sat in front of
the stove and peeled the shells and cut the roots of the winter bamboo shoots,
the silver bracelet on his wrist was shining.
Shen Xuanqing squatted down to help him cut the root of
the winter bamboo shoots when he had nothing to do. When he saw the bracelet on
his wrist, he felt that he bought it right. Compared with the hairpin, the bracelet
was better.
"Didn't I go to Fucheng the day before yesterday? I
passed Fenggu Town on my way back." Shen Xuanqing's voice was low, feeling
that there were still somethings to tell Lu Gu.
Lu Gu didn't speak, but looked up, waiting for him to
continue.
"Lu Wen entered the Li family's gate in the town.
The young master of the Li family is called Li Mingshan, and he becomes Li
Mingshan's concubine." Shen Xuanqing took a piece of firewood from the
side and sat down, he couldn't squat for a long time, after that he said:
"I heard people said that Li Mingshan's mother married him a main wife
just three days after he took a concubine."
After
he got the official seal and came back, he first went to the town to find Luo
Biao, and got a general understanding of the situation.
Because of Lu Wen's matter, Li Mingshan and his mother had
quarrel. His mother, Mrs. Zhang, doted on her son, but she was a powerful one.
Li Mingshan bought a house for Lu Wen to live in and he ordered the maids and
servants from the Li family to serve Lu Wen.
Li Mingshan was also stupid, he didn't bother to buy
maids and servants, so he got two good people from his home. He felt that the
maids at home had been taught the rules, so he didn't need to worry about how
to serve others.
Lu Wen thought it was inappropriate at first, but after
he took the maid out once, someone recognized that the maid was from the Li
family who often bought things on the street. That person thought that he was a
relative of the Li family and that person’s flattering and fawning gave him face.
Besides, Li Mingshan was the only son of Li's parents,
and everything in the Li family would belong to him in the future. Since Li
Mingshan said that he didn't need to care, he didn't refuse.
And the money in Li Mingshan's hands was taken from his
family. Mrs. Zhang didn’t treat her son badly, she never asked how much money he
spent, but if she really counted it, Li Mingshan's plan couldn’t be hidden from
her, and she found the house soon.
The maid who had been beaten by the board and was slapped
in the mouth was pushed into Lu Wen's house. Only then Mrs. Zhang knew about the
affair between him and Li Mingshan. Mrs. Zhang got down from the sedan chair
and she was helped by the big maid to the house gate.
Mrs. Zhang's sneer and other people's gazes made Lu Wen
almost faint. Li Mingshan rushed over after receiving the news. After a
confrontation, Mrs. Zhang was so angry that Lu Wen turned pale with
embarrassment. The unmarried adultery was revealed, and he was ashamed, but he
also knew that only Li Mingshan could save him, otherwise he wouldn’t be able
to live.
Fortunately, Li Mingshan had a bit of a conscience, so
he said on the spot that he wanted to marry him. After the quarrel, Mrs. Zhang
was not cruel in front of her son, and reluctantly let go, but Lu Wen could
only be a concubine, otherwise , she would go to Anjia Village, and let the
villagers take a good look at what kind of shuang’er they raised.
No one else knew what Du Hehua and Lu Daxiang were
thinking, Luo Biao watched the excitement in the town for a few days.
Lu Wen was carried into the door of Li's house in a
small sedan chair. There are no three books and six ceremonies, let alone to be
officialy wed. After the adultery was revealed, he couldn’t hold his head up in
front of Mrs. Zhang for the rest of his life, so even if the Li family didn't
even set up a banquet for him, he didn't dare to have any complaints.
Mrs. Zhang originally thought that her son would be
able to inherit the family business, But she never thought that he was a credulous
person that could be grasped even by a shuang’er from the country. After
checking, she even knew about Li Mingshan's visits to brothels. She was so
angry that she didn't eat well for several days, in the end she forced Li
Mingshan to marry a main wife.
In her opinion, even if Lu Wen was not pleasing to the
eyes, it was better to marry a wife and take a concubine than to go to a
brothel, otherwise the money would be emptied, and those dirty things would
pollute her son.
Li Mingshan's main wife was Luo Hongsi, the daughter of
Ranfang Cloth Shop. She was not bad in appearance, but compared with Lu Wen,
she was obviously not good enough, and Lu Wen, a concubine, actually entered
the Li family before her. “Marry a wife and then take a concubine”, but when it
was her turn, it was the other way, how could
she feel at
ease.