66 Part 15

Lu Gu, with slightly red and swollen eyes, looked
towards the door, and put down his hands that gently rubbed the top of his head,
his eyes were pitiful and somewhat frightened.
" I changed the water for Tang Pozi, it's cold,
put it under the quilt to keep warm." Shen Xuanqing walked to the bed, he
was a little guilty, and his confidence was not as strong as usual.
That being the case, Lu Gu's nervousness subsided a
little. He took the small Tang Pozi and put it on the quilt, and put his hand to
cover it. Because Shen Xuanqing was there, he lowered his head slightly and
didn't dare to speak indiscriminately.
After bending over to put Tang Pozi on the bed, Shen
Xuanqing stood up straight and was a little at a loss. He stood beside the bed
for a while, not knowing what to say, so he reached out to rub Lu Gu's sore head.
Who knew that before he touched it, Lu Gu shrank back
in fright.
The outstretched hand stopped in mid-air, and the
atmosphere became stagnant. After a while, Shen Xuanqing withdrew his hand in
embarrassment, scratching his head with a bit of embarrassment.
It was raining outside and it was not easy to go into
the deep mountains, and you couldn't go out to hunt. Besides, Lu Gu was in the
room, even if he was not thick-skinned, he wanted to stay with Lu Gu so that he
couldn't think about the embarrassment just now, and explained: "I only
rub your head, nothing else."
Lu Gu subconsciously avoided his touch and froze for
fear of making him angry, but when he heard this sentence, he muffled his head
and let out a "huh" with a strong nasal voice.
Shen Xuanqing was happy again, but he knew he couldn't
be too happy right now, so he sat on the bed and helped Lu Gu gently rub the
top of his head.
Lu Gu's hair was not tied up, it was loose behind him,
the black hair was soft and smooth, easy to touch.
"I'll squeeze your waist and legs for you."
Shen Xuanqing didn't forget the evil thing he had done.
He knew how to treat Fulang well, buying things was a
kind of kindness to fulang, and buying cloth to make clothes was also the same,
but he couldn't learn from others how to treat fulang well after intercourse,
so he could only do what he thought good. It was rare in the village for a big
man to massage his wife’s waist and legs, but when he thought that Lu Gu's skin
was so tender and he had been tossed so badly by a rough man like him, he didn't
feel ashamed at all.
Lu Gu had never been served like this before. When he
was nervous, he found that Shen Xuanqing was honest and serious. He moved his
leg over and massaged it for a while, and he felt a lot more comfortable.
Seeing that Lu Gu gradually relaxed and the atmosphere
eased, Shen Xuanqing was happy, and even raised his head to show a bright
smile, making people felt warm even without the sun.
Speaking of it, Lu Gu also felt confused, why Shen
Xuanqing smiled so beautifully, but he treated him so cruelly
yesterday.
It
rained for two days, and the cloud didn’t fade until the morning of the third
day, and the sun shone into the forest.
After eating at noon, Lu Gu rested for a while and felt
that he had nothing to do, so he picked up the bamboo basket and wanted to go
out to pick up mushrooms.
"Going out?" Shen Xuanqing was standing in
the sun chopping firewood, and asked when he saw him go to get the bamboo
basket.
"Well, the mushrooms should have grown up, pick
some, and I can fry some in the evening." Lu Gu replied with the bamboo
basket on his back.
Shen
Xuanqing put down the long ax in his hand, and said, "I'll be with
you."
The
ground was a bit dry, but there were many fallen leaves and grass in the
forest, and it was fine for people who wear shoes, and the puppy would
definitely get their paws and limbs dirty if they went out for a walk. There
might be mud and water on the stomach too, so they had to find a cloth to wipe
it off when they came back, otherwise it would rub against their calves.
Shen Xuanqing told Lu Gu about this, and the two of
them only brought Dahui and Dabai with them when they went out, closed and locked
the courtyard door, letting Dahei stay to keep the puppy from barking or
messing around in the courtyard.
Dabai was not as spiritual as Dahui, but it was smarter
and more loyal than Dahei. At least he had never bared his teeth at Lu Gu.
After the rain, the air was slightly cool, and when the
came out to take a breath, they only felt refreshed. There were traces of a
small path where they often walked, and the grass on the ground was less than the
other places.
After it rained, more leaves fell, many trees were
bald, and the water marks on the ground were not completely dry. After walking
for a while, the soles of the shoes were covered with wet mud, and the shoes
became heavier. After a while, they had to stop and pick up a branch to scrape the
mud on the soles.
It took more than an hour to go around the mountain,
and they picked up the mushrooms half of the basket, so they should take a rest
after walking for so long.
Lu Gu sat on a white stone by the stream, the stone was
dried by the sun, and it was still a little hot to the touch, so he sat down.
Shen Xuanqing squatted by the side of the mountain
stream to wash some wild fruits, all of which were completely red. The shriveled
ones were not picked, but the plump ripe ones were picked. There were only five
of them. After the rain, many wild fruits rotted and fell to the ground, the
more bleak it would be in the future, and there would be fewer wild fruits, so they
still had a few to eat now.
Lu Gu took the washed fruit, peeled off the skin and
tasted it, it was sweet, and his eyebrows and eyes couldn’t help but curled up.
The sun shone on his face, making his smile softer and
more beautiful. Shen Xuanqing, who was about to sit down next to him, couldn't
hold back, and hugged Lu Gu with his legs bent.
No way, he didn't let him hug him to sleep at night, at
least let him hug him now.