42 Part 29

Wei Lanxiang ate the meat, her mouth was greasy. She
smiled and looked at her second child. At first, she thought thi kid and Lu Gu
couldn't get along, but now he had learned to love others.
Knowing that Lu Gu was reserved, Shen Xuanqing had to
let his fulang ate well for the first time when he went out to eat at a restaurant,
otherwise he wouldn’t be capable as a husband.
The big red elbow was warm and soft, the fat meat was soft
and not greasy, the meat was fragrant and mellow, and the lean meat was also
tender and soft, which was very satisfying and palatable.
Country people always liked meat with fat, and it
tasted good to satisfy their cravings, and Lu Gu was no exception, he was not
picky about fat meat, not to mention that this elbow was very tasty, and the
fat meat was full of fragrance.
After eating the meat, drank the sweet and sour green
plum wine. These days, even Shen Yan sighed in satisfaction. She was young and
greedy, and said to Wei Lanxiang, "Mom, let's come next time."
"Okay , come next time too." Wei Lanxiang
nodded and promised her.
Seeing her daughter so happy eating a meal, the corners
of her eyes gradually became moist. The two brothers Shen Yaoqing and Shen
Xuanqing were fine. A few years ago, one was fifteen and one was twenty, but
her little daughter had no father when she was only a little over eight years
old. Well, even if she ate some good ones when she was young, she was too young
to remember things, and she had long forgotten the taste. she had suffered from
eating bran and vegetables with them these few years.
She was happy today, and tears came out for no reason.
Since Wei Lanxiang lost her man, she cheered up and figured it out how to be better
than in the previous years. She turned her head and pretended to wipe her mouth
with a handkerchief. Ate and drank happily.
The other people at the table actually saw it, but when
they saw that she had recovered, they kept silent, eating meat and drinking
happily, chatting and joking from time to time, in a lively and amicable way.
Lu Gu was more cautious in picking up vegetables. Wei
Lanxiang picked up a chopstick and elbow meat for Shen Yan. When she turned her
head and saw him, the mother was soft-hearted. Wasn't Lu Gu just like Shen Yan,
who was even more miserable under the hands of
Du Hehua, she picked up another meat for Lu
Gu, she said: "Eat quickly Guzi."
"Mother." Lu Gu's eyes were full of
gratitude, and he called mother in a low voice without knowing what to say,
which made people felt softer.
Shen Xuanqing sat beside him, watched and listened,
harmony at home was the best thing in the world.
Satisfied with wine and meat, Wei Lanxiang was a little
bit pained when the bill was settled, it was good meat and good wine, which was
completely different from the wine they usually bought in the village, and they
ate 650 copper coins for this meal alone , more than six hundreds. Fortunately,
she brought enough money when she went out, so she wouldn't be embarrassed.
Xiaoer sent them out, accompanied by the voice of
"Guests, please come again", the whole family went home satisfied.
The sun was in the west, the sky was full of clouds,
and the faces of pedestrians were glowing red. Wei Lanxiang and Ji Qiuyue walked
in the front, Lu Gu and Shen Yan were one step behind, and Shen Xuanqing and
Shen Yaoqing were at the end.
Turned out from the East Street, and went out of the
town, who knew that before going out, Ji Qiuyue had sharp eyes, and saw a
fairly familiar figure walking on the street, and it was Lu Wen, and Lu Wen was
followed behind a servant girl and a boy, this behavior really looked like the
young master Shuang'er in the town.
"Who is it? It turned out to be the young master
of the Lu family." Thinking of those bad things, Ji Qiuyue became furious.
She was young and couldn't hide her words. “If you look at another taller
branch, I'm afraid you regret your marriage and hid in the town, don't blame
others for poking your back."
When Lu Wen saw them, he felt bad, hearing this his
face became ugly, and he tightly held the handkerchief in his hand. Although
the servants behind him didn't know the Shen family, they could tell that she
was scolding Lu Wen, and immediately shouted: "You don't had long eyes,
who are you scolding?"
Shen Yaoqing and Shen Xuanqing both came forward, the
two brothers were taller than the other, no boy could compare to him, Ji Qiuyue
was of course not afraid when she was with her man, she sneered and said,
"Who am I scolding? I didn't scold him for such a snobbish person,
scold him for disliking the poor and loving the rich, scold him for regretting
his marriage and hooking up with wild man!"
"Well, you bastard..." Before the boy could
swear, Shen Yaoqing stood in front of Ji Qiuyue, his eyebrows furrowed. He
couldn't hide his anger, and said: "Shouting and scolding woman, are you
still a man? Today we are talking about those people who have no conscience and
will
be punished by God. If you are not
convinced, come and tell me, let's compete. "
Although he was not as tall as Shen Xuanqing, he was also
taller than ordinary men. Naturally, his physique was not weak after working
all year round. The bullying boy would
be cowed at once, but with so many people on
the street watching, he could only stand in the front.
Lu Wen wanted to save face the most. Seeing that there
were more and more onlookers, and Ji Qiuyue's shrew was so talkative, he
couldn't afford to lose this person, so he had to whisper to the boy:
"Okay, it's just some vulgar and slanderous words. Why bother with them,
if there is a big trouble and the officials come to ask, won’t it be harming
them."
"I’m born in poverty, and I know that it’s not
easy to be a countryman. How can a family like this
survive, forget it, go back, just pretend you
don’t hear it." Lu Wen backed down again and again, speaking with
forbearance and a merciful look.
Ji Qiuyue laughed angrily with his words, and said
loudly: "Just go, when I get to the yamen, I will
show the original marriage certificate to the
big guys to see who was engaged and regretted the marriage and hooked up with
other man."
Hearing this, Lu Wen's face turned pale, and he almost
tore the handkerchief in his hand. He was so annoyed, but there were more and
more people, so he had to leave bitterly.
Ji Qiuyue got a little angry, and even Wei Lanxiang
patted her on the arm, but what Lu Wen said just now let them know that this
restless shuang’er must had hooked up with powerful people in the town, but so
what, scolding and cursing, facing this hated person, there was nothing else to
think about except anger and resentment.
Lu Gu hid behind and didn't dare to speak, he was
married because of Lu Wen, and it was his blessing that the Shen family didn't
beat him up, so how dare he spoke at this time.
Shen Xuanqing didn't say anything, but after hearing
what Lu Wen said, he thought of
Li
Mingshan, whose surname was Li. He had asked someone to inquire about it
before. Knowing a thug in a brothel, it was not difficult to deal with.