80 Part

Chapter 80
Several
families near the back of the village heard Lao Zhang's cry for help in the
snowstorm. She usually had a shrill voice, but now she was afraid of death and
shouted with all her strength, even the children in the next door woke up,
crying continuously.
The Shen family's dogs kept barking, and the four dogs
in the family barked at the same time, making a lot of noise, Lu Gu was
unprepared, his brush trembled in fright, and turned into a mass of ink dots.
The woman's cry for help outside sounded extremely
stern in the winter night, Shen Xuanqing got out of bed first, and said,
"Don't worry, don't go out of the yard after getting dressed, I'll go and
have a look."
The
door of the main room was closed, and the four dogs at home all barked at the
door, Shen Yaoqing also got up, and even Wei Lanxiang put on her clothes when she
heard the movement, she said in panic: "Whose family has an accident? It
sounds like Lao Zhang's."
"Go and take a look." As Shen Yaoqing said, he
went out with Shen Xuanqing, and the dogs followed.
"Don't be reckless, look carefully before you go
forward." Wei Lanxiang told them, it was good for the dogs to follow, in
case something came down from the mountain and bit someone, they could also
help.
Not only the second room of the Shen's family, but also
all the nearby families came out, and there was a lot of noise outside for a
while.
"Mother, it seems to be the Zhang family?" Lu
Gu put on his clothes and came out, his heart ached because of people crying
and dogs barking.
"Oh, I don't know." Wei Lanxiang sighed,
seeing Ji Qiuyue came out, fearing that she would be surprised, she hurriedly
said: "What are you doing?, it's cold outside, go into the room quickly,
Shen Yan, light the lamp to accompany you Sister-in-law to sit on the bed for a
while."
"Got it, mother." Shen Yan just took off her
pigtails and was about to go to bed, but there was chaos outside, so she
promised to go to Ji Qiuyue's room to accompany her first.
It was pitch black outside, but the voices of people
and dogs were gradually subdued. It shouldn’t be some beast from the mountain.
It was windy and snowy at the moment, so Wei Lanxiang lit the lantern and told
Lu Gu not to go out by himself and went to see it by herself.
She was old and she was not afraid of seeing any messy
things. Lu Gu was a young fulang, not to mention thin-skinned, and he had been
married for less than a year, so how could she rest assured to let him show his
face.
Lao Zhang called for help outside the door after she
fell, and the Xiao Zhang who was curled up in the woodshed was startled when
she heard the sound, which was really piercing in the quiet night. She felt so
cold that she shivered before getting up from the haystack.
The dog kept barking, and there were movements in the
neighbors. She was afraid of going out alone, but she was also afraid of being
scolded by Lao Zhang if she didn't go out in time, so she gritted her teeth and
went out to have a look.
It was pitch dark, someone could only see a big black
shadow in front of the door. Before Li Wanyun could speak, someone came out
from the house next door, holding a lantern and shouting, "Is that you, Lao
Zhang?"
The
fire in the lantern came over, so there was no need to answer, you could see
the people on the ground clearly.
"Ouch, come help me, my right leg is pinned down
and I can't move." Lao Zhang kept yelling in pain, with tears and snot all
over her face, but she could clearly see the person who wanted to come to help
her. After she saw Li Wanyun came out of the door, her face suddenly became
extremely ferocious, and she scolded angrily: "What a thief! Do you think
I can kill you if you hide in there!"
When she asked for help to Quan Zi’s mother, she was
already sobbing and weak, and her strength was exhausted, but this time she didn't
know where the energy came from, and suddenly she scolded her daughter-in-law
in a fit of anger, and even the neighbors next door who wanted to come over to
help her was stunned.
At this moment, all the neighbors came over, seven dogs
rushed over, Li Wanyun didn't dare to say anything, she stretched out her hand
to grab Zhang Zhengzi who was on Lao Zhang's leg. She was a weak woman, and
Zhang Zhengzi was a bit fatter and heavy, and now he fainted again, how could
she move him.
Many people gathered around, and three lanterns illuminated
the front of Zhang's house, and they could clearly see what happened to Lao Zhang
and Zhang Zhengzi.
Lao
Zhang was worried about his son, so he stopped scolding, she endured the severe
pain in her leg and said, "Come and help me carry him in quickly."
Zhang
Zhengzi was unconscious, and it was not good to watch him freeze to death
outside since they came here. There were young people who wanted to make a
move, but they were stopped by Quan Zi's father. “Wait a minute, I'll protect
Zhengzi's waist first, it seems his waist is broken and if you just lift him up
like this, he will die."
Lao Zhang’s legs were under pressure, so it was too
late to look at Zhang Zhengzi’s waist, so when you wanted to lift him up, it
was better after protecting the waist, it was best if he didn’t hurt the bones
in his waist
As soon as these words came out, even Lao Zhang endured
the pain in her leg and said, "Slow down, don't be too hasty."
Holding the head up, the
rest of the people lifted Zhang Zhengzi up steadily and walked into the
courtyard, while Li Wanyun hurriedly led the way.
At this moment, there was a light, and Lao Zhang
suddenly saw blood on her hands and arms, which were all wet. She was holding
Zhang Zhengzi's head and shoulders just now, but she didn't notice it because
she was busy asking for help. She was frightened, and with a short scream in
her throat, she immediately fainted to the ground.
She was able to speak and scold just now when she was
sitting, so it was obvious that her waist was fine, so the rest of the people
came to carry her, and the Zhang family was in chaos for a while.
Wei Lanxiang came over with a lantern, poked her head
to look at Zhang's yard, yelled at Dahui, and waved her hand to drive away the
dogs, letting the dogs go back, not to mention Shen Yan and Lugu, now Ji Qiuyue
was pregnant, she and her sons were all outside, so she let the dog to go back
to look after the home.