40 Part 28

Shen Xuanqing's hands were
bigger than his, and there were rough calluses on the palms. He rubbed his legs
with both hands. he didn't know if it was caused by the heat because of rubbing
or embarrassment, but the cold soon became less.
Lu Gu didn't dare to refuse or speak, the young man who
helped him to rub his legs bowed his head in silence.
Rubbing and rubbing, Shen Xuanqing's adam's apple
rolled, his lowered starry eyes gradually dimmed, Lu Gu's paleness, compared to
the man's hard legs, Shuang'er's legs were completely soft and smooth, even the
toes were round and cute.
So the hands gradually slowed down, and the rubbing
movements became lighter, with a certain impenetrable meaning.
Even Lu Gu, who didn't understand any emotion, could feel
the charm, but he didn't dare to let out his breath, his heart trembled
slightly, he raised his eyes nervously and confused, and carefully looked at
Shen Xuanqing's face.
Shen Xuanqing, who was gradually getting lost, caressed
such fair skin lightly, and slid his warm and rough palms like blasphemy, until
he inadvertently raised his eyes, and the dark color in his eyes directly
frightened Lu Gu.
After seeing Lu Gu's terrified expression, Shen
Xuanqing woke up. He froze, and it took him a long time to recover. He pretended
to put down Lu Gu's legs naturally, and said, "It's getting late, let's go
back."
Lu Gu hurriedly put on his shoes and socks, the
trousers tightly covered his legs, the texture of the fabric made him felt at
ease like never before, he didn't quite understand what was going on, but he also
knew that he was embarrassed, so he didn't dare to look at Shen Xuanqing again
.
It happened that there were a lot of watercress here,
so Lu Gu squatted by the stream and picked half a basket of the tender ones.
After he finished his work, Shen Xuanqing came out
today carrying his big bamboo basket as usual, with half a basket of green
snails in it. It could be seen how many he found today, which was definitely
enough to eat for a long time. He tied the sack containing the small crabs, to
avoid them climbing out, he put it in a bamboo basket and carried it together.
Lu Gu followed him back with a smaller bamboo basket on
his back, and the two small dogs followed him unhurriedly.
Compared with the previous journey, both of them were a
little silent and uncomfortable. On weekdays, even after having
intercourse, Shen Xuanqing wouldn’t feel anything, this was his own fulang,
intercourse was a matter of course, but now he couldn't figure it out, he didn't
understand why he would like that.
Even if a countryman had studied, what he usually
worried about was earning money and rations. He didn't have the time to think about
other things. He only knew how to have sex.
As he was walking, Lu Gu stopped to pick wild tea. He
saw them when he came, and told Shen Xuanqing to pick some when he came back.
The wild tea he picked last time had already dried in half a basket. He picked
it often, but he could take it down the mountain for Wei Lanxiang and the
others. Sometimes if he wanted to exchange things with the villagers, he could take
this tea.
Shen Xuanqing came back to his senses and picked tea
leaves with him. It was not as embarrassing as it was just now. While picking
tea leaves, he said: "I saw a lot of them on the other side before, and I
picked them some other day. When Master was here I would pick them for him, he
likes to drink wild tea from the mountains."
"Yeah." Lu Gu nodded and agreed in a low voice,
and when the bamboo basket on his back was full, the two set foot on the road
again.
In the yard, three bamboo plaques were placed on the
horizontal wooden frame to dry goji berries, and two large bamboo plaques were
placed on the pile of firewood to dry wild tea. Chestnuts and hazelnuts
were air-dried in a cool and ventilated main room, otherwise the sun would dry
out the meat inside and it wouldn’t taste sweet.
There was also a lot of slender grass in the front
yard. After drying, it could be used for fire or as a nest for chickens and
ducks. In late autumn, when there was a lot of rain, the grass in the nest
could be replaced frequently. There was straw in the house at the foot of the
mountain, but not much was brought up. The mountain road was far away, and it took
effort to carry everything, so it was better to dry your own hay here.
The mushrooms he picked were also sliced ​​and shredded
to dry, and he put half of them in a clean cloth bag. It rained yesterday, and he
would go out in the next two days. There must be a lot in the forest and the
road in the mountains.
Autumn colors were getting thicker and the weather was
colder than before. In previous years, he was very worried at this time. Once
winter came and he couldn’t find food outside, he would be cold and hungry.
This year was different. He had food and clothing but he still cared about
winter, so he wanted to save all the winter rations he could save. He even
dried some wild vegetables, put them in sacks and put the mushrooms in a cool
and dry low room, and put two baskets of dried goji berries in it.
Lu Gu moved the goji berries on the bamboo plaque with
his hands, and turned them evenly for better drying. He was still thinking that
when he went out, he saw a lot of horse-tooth vegetables (
马齿菜
) on the road, and they
were edible. The tender ones could be fried or steamed, after being dried in
the sun, it could still be eaten in winter.
As long as there was enough water, horse tooth vegetables
would grow very vigorously, and there were few other wild vegetables, and it
should be possible to add this to dry, and there were also ground vegetables.
When he went uphill with Shen Xuanqing, he saw them not far away, you could pick
them up for eating, and you could dry them and eat them in winter when you
carried them back.
Compared to mushrooms, wild vegetables were worthless,
so Lu Gu always put them in sacks. He also prepared a sack for dried mushrooms.
After two days, the sweet nest roots (
甜
窝根
)
could be dug up. They were also wild vegetables, but they were eaten in pieces,
and the big ones could be bigger than his fist. When they were dug up, they
were piled in the corner of the wall, covered with soil, and could be eaten
until the next spring.
There was quite a lot of work to be done, Lu Gu hurried
into the kitchen to cook while thinking.