109

Chapter 109
Swallows were flying and sparrows were chirping on the branches.
The window of the west room was open, and Lu Gu could be seen packing clothes in the courtyard. It was time to go up the mountain tomorrow.
The weather was sunny and warm, and it wasn't too cold even if the wind blew in when you stayed at home. But if you went out and walked into the open fields, the wind would be strong. Children often flew kites these days.
They also bought two kites a year ago, a swallow kite and an eagle kite. The whole family took advantage of the opportunity to fly them two days ago. Shen Yan was the happiest person that day.
In the woodshed, Shen Xuanqing used a shovel to shovel rabbit dung into the dung basket, poured it into the backyard and accumulated it. Later they would use it to fertilize the fields so that the wheat seedlings and rice would grow better.
He raised six small rabbits and five big rabbits. The big rabbits were caught alive by him and his dog. Two of them injured their legs. After shoveling the manure, he leaned his shovel on the woodpile and went forward to take the two injured rabbits out and look at them, now the they were completely healed and there was no recurrence of ulceration.
He stuffed the two big rabbits back and looked at the half-grown little rabbit in the cage. The rabbits grew very fast. They were more than four months old now. Apart from being slightly smaller than the big rabbits, there was no big difference.
Because they were domesticated, the rabbits were fed well with grass and vegetables every day, and none of them were thin. When he came to feed the rabbits two days ago, he found that the small ones had indeed grown up, and both the male and female rabbits showed signs of being in estrus. Fortunately, he had prevented this and raised the male and female rabbits separately
In the past two years, he caught living rabbits and raised them at home. If the rabbits gave birth, he raised the baby rabbits they gave birth to and sold them when they were big enough, so he had enough experience.
Although a litter of rabbits could mate and produce babies, it depended on luck. If he was lucky, the baby rabbits would survive, but if he was unlucky, several would die. The three living rabbits he caught later were to separate the baby rabbits in this litter.
After all, more than four months was a bit too young. It was better to raise them for another month. When they were strong, they would be used as breeding rabbits. After two months, a litter of rabbits would be born. After feeding them for the first half of the year, they would become fat rabbits. The three living big rabbits he later caught were separated from the little rabbits from this nest.
The big rabbits were locked together since half a month ago. He was afraid that the baby rabbits would be too small to survive in the winter. Now that the weather was warm, they could give birth as many as they wanted.
"Brother." Shen Xuanqing shouted outside.
"Did you call me? Wait a minute." Shen Yaoqing was watering the vegetable garden outside. He lifted the bucket and poured out the last bit of water before coming over.
"By the end of next month, these six little rabbits will be mated. Then you can sort them out and don't let the litter be randomly mated." Shen Xuanqing said. The three big rabbits he later caught were all male, and the remaining four were female, it didn't matter, because any male rabbit could be used, as long as they were not from the same litter.
"I'll catch a few more living female rabbits later and pick out the strong ones as breeding rabbits." He pondered and said, "If we raise too many rabbits in the future and there is not enough space in the woodshed, we might as well build a rabbit hutch in the backyard, so it won't take up too much space in the woodshed."
Shen Yaoqing lifted the dung basket and put it outside so as not to block the way. Hearing this, he asked, "You mean you want to raise more?"
Shen Xuanqing nodded and said: "Yes, you have raised them before, so there's no need groping in the dark. Selling ten or twenty of them is just a small amount of money, but if we raise forty or fifty we can earn more. They will grow up quickly and can be sold in half a year, so it’s better to raise them."
Rabbits were more expensive than chickens and ducks. A fat one could be sold for at least thirty copper coins. If there were fifty of them, it would be one thousand five hundred copper coins. They could earn one tael and five hundred copper coins in about half a year, or at least one tael of silver in half a year.
They had thought this way before when they were raising rabbits, but they were really short of money at that time and couldn't afford to wait more than half a year. Later, they even sold the breeding rabbits to pay off their debt.
Shen Yaoqing felt his heart stirring up when he heard it. It was nothing more than collecting more rabbit grass on weekdays. He, their mother and Shen Yan were all at home. For the three of them, if they could earn an extra one or two taels of silver a year. Five hundred copper coins was a lot in the village. Country people like them rarely spent money on food and drink, and every copper coin saved could become a family fortune.
"It's not impossible to build a hutch, but rabbit can dig holes. It's definitely not possible to build it like a chicken coop or a duck pen." Shen Yaoqing pondered.
The two of them were thinking about raising rabbits when Lu Gu called out from their room: "Erqing, do you want to bring this black cotton coat with patches on the sleeves?"
"Okay, you go pack up first. You have to leave early tomorrow morning. Don't worry about the rabbit hutch. I will take care of it." Shen Yaoqing patted his second brother's arm.
Shen Xuanqing lifted the dung basket and nodded: "Okay."