95 Part

Chapter 95
In the evening, Wei Lanxiang came back from outside and said that she had made an appointment with Quanzi's mother and Aunt Ajin, and said that she would bring Lu Gu with her.
Shen Xuanqing was happy with this, it was a good thing to go out to see an opera.
Wei Lanxiang then said again: "When I came back, uncle Ajin's cow was about to give birth to a calf, go over and have a look later."
Even if it was a dog gave birth to a litter of puppies in the village, someone would go to see it, let alone it was a cow.
Shen Xuanqing had been paying attention to the cow in Uncle Ajin's house for a long time, and now when he heard that it was the time to give birth, he said that they would go together later.
There would be more fields in the future, and it would be too tiring to rely on people to plow the fields. It would be better if there was a cow, because the cattle for farming was precious, so no one would easily sell their family cow, and the cow would be closer to themselves if it was raised from a calf.
It was cold at night. In Uncle Ajin’s barn, the ground was covered with hay and straw, and a fire was burning in the brazier. It was too cold in winter, and the newly born calf had to be kept warm with the brazier.
Lu Gu stood on tiptoe outside the crowd and looked inside. There were many men who came to join in the fun, so it was difficult for him to step forward. He and a few children in the village were a little farther away from the crowd.
"It's coming out." There was a commotion in the front, everyone stretched their necks to look at the newborn calf inside, and the children were even more curious.
Because Shen Xuanqing was the tallest, he could see everything clearly even if he stood behind.
When he turned around, he saw Lu Gu who was stretching his neck on tiptoe, but still couldn't see anything. He smiled and said, "I'll take you to take a closer look later."
Lu Gu's heels fell to the ground, and when the crowd in the front dispersed a little, he followed Shen Xuanqing to the barn.
Uncle Ajin had already surrounded the barn with old mats, so that the cow and calf couldn't get wind inside.
The calf was wet and there was blood between the cow's hind legs. It was really not easy to give birth to a calf.
After seeing the calf, the little curiosity in Lu Gu's heart was satisfied. When shuang'ers and girls were not married yet, usually they didn't just go to other people's homes to watch this kind of excitement.
In fact, there was nothing to look at. As soon as his eyes saw the blood stains, he knew that gave birth to a calf was painful, so he didn't dare to look at the cow more.
"Mother, you go back first." Shen Xuanqing said to Wei Lanxiang who was looking over.
He turned his head and said to Lu Gu, "Go back with mother first, and I'll ask uncle Ajin about the calf."
Cattle for farming was very useful in the field, and there were many families in the village wanted them. Before the cow gave birth, he mentioned to Uncle Ajin that he wanted to buy its calf. He was afraid of an unforeseen event, so if he could settle it tonight, he would settle it tonight. Besides, they were all in the same village, and they were so close, so there was no need to go to other places to buy it.
"En." Lu Gu nodded and went back with Wei Lanxiang first.
When Shen Xuanqing and Shen Yaoqing returned home, they learned that the calf had already been settled, and they would bring it back after three months when it was weaned, Wei Lanxiang was overjoyed.
Lu Gu recalled the calf he saw before, and he thought that it would be their family's cow in the future.
____________________________
Appreciating the lanterns on the night of the fifteenth of the first lunar month, but they didn't have many colorful lanterns to see in the countryside. If you wanted to talk about the excitement, it must be in the town. Lu Gu once heard Lu Wen said that on the night of the Lantern Festival, the long street in Fenggu Town was surrounded by0 lanterns, and people in the town would carry lanterns to play on the street, it was really as bright as day.
He had never seen such excitement, but this year Shen Xuanqing bought quite a few lanterns, he bought twenty lanterns, all in different styles.
In the morning, Shen Yan pulled him to hang up the lanterns that should be hung, and waited for them to be lit at night.
Wang Li Village was far away, and the sun was warm at noon. The big opera show would be held today, and in order to occupy the front spot early, Lu Gu made breakfast early today, and after they finished eating, Wei Lanxiang took him and Shen Yan to watch the  opera.
Most of the people who liked to watch opera in the countryside were women and fulangs, so today Shen Xuanqing didn't go with them.
Wei Lanxiang, who was carrying a small bench, called Aunt Miao and Quanzi's mother loudly as soon as she went out. Lu Gu also carried a small bench and a small basket on his right hand, which contained bamboo tubes filled with hot water, pastries, melon seeds and peanuts.
It was a long time to watch the opera, so they must prepare something to eat.
As soon as they arrived at Wangli Village, the stage at the entrance of the village was set up, and people from several nearby villages came to watch it, so there were so many people here.
Afraid that Shen Yan would get lost, Lu Gu quickly held her hand and followed Wei Lanxiang closely. The crowd of people, you said one sentence and I said one sentence, they gathered together to make a racket, and this place became like downtown area.
Lu Gu was afraid that they would be scattered, so he focused all his attention on the people around him. He didn't see Du Hehua in the crowd, but Du Hehua saw him.
Silver hairpin and silver bracelet, she didn't expect this wild species could live a good life.