67 Part

Chapter 67
Shen
Xuanqing was always by his side, and when he bent down to hug him, he was quick
and accurate. Lu Gu didn't have any defenses, and his body suddenly flew into
the air. He couldn't help being a little surprised, and the wild fruit he bit almost
fell, so he quickly caught it.
Hugging Lu Gu was easy for Shen Xuanqing, and seeing Lu
Gu picked up the fruit with a panicked face, he smiled even more.
Hugging like this was too intimate, fortunately there
was no one else in the mountain, Lu Gu raised his eyes to look at Shen Xuanqing
while thinking. When the two pair eyes met, he unconsciously blinked, and
never thought that Shen Xuanqing would lower his head and kiss his eyes.
Although it was just a touch, the warmth on the eyelids
seemed to linger for a long time, making Lu Gu's cheeks burnt and his ears
gradually turn red.
What happened that day always made him afraid to have
too much physical contact with Shen Xuanqing. The fear gradually disappeared,
but the memory couldn’t be erased and forgotten. He was too horrified by what Shen
Xuanqing did, so every time Shen Xuanqing wanted to hug him, he couldn't help
shrinking back.
After one or two times, Shen Xuanqing gave up and asked
him to close his eyes and go to sleep.
At this moment, Lu Gu blushed. After feeling the charm
and intimacy, he couldn't control himself and remembered what happened that
day. He was actually very afraid, afraid that Shen Xuanqing would find out that
he was thinking about those bad things. So he struggled to get down while stammering.
"I, I'll go down." Lu Gu didn't forget to
hold the fruit in his hand when he was struggling.
Shen Xuanqing laughed, put him down according to the
words, and said: "Take a break, and leave after eating."
Shen Xuanqing was still standing, Lu Gu stretched
out his hand and lightly tugged Shen Xuanqing's pants, quickly let go of his
hand and whispered: "You sit too."
After walking in the mountains for so long, it was
always good to sit down and rest your feet.
"Okay." Shen Xuanqing smiled brighter and sat
down on the clean stone next to him.
Dahui and Dabai lowered their head to drink water by
the mountain stream, and when they came over, Lu Gu gave the fruits for them.
The mountain road was far away, and there were few
people coming. They walked through several forests in the morning and picked up
a bamboo basket of mushrooms and some black mushrooms. It could be said that
they returned with a full load.
Today they picked several kinds of mushrooms. Lu Gu
picked out what they called the torn mushrooms in the countryside. These
mushrooms needed to be blanched before frying, because if some mushrooms were
too late to pick, and they would crack when they grew too large, a bit like a torn
umbrella, that was why it was called like that.
There was only one big pot in the kitchen, so he lit
the medicine stove, took the earthenware pot to blanch the torn mushrooms, cut
some garlic and dried chilies while cooking, and then fried them with the lard,
they were particularly fragrant and tender.
The water boiled for a while, Lu Gu fished out the torn
mushrooms, put some lard in the pot, and it melted quickly, poured the chopped
garlic and dried chili into it and stir-fried, the garlic smell and spicy smell
were overflowing, and then the mushrooms was fried on a high fire, and it felt delicious
just by smelling it.
Shen Xuanqing came in from the courtyard. He locked the
chickens and ducks into the fence outside to let them graze. After running all
morning, he felt hungry when he smelled the smell of food.
As soon as he entered the kitchen and saw the medicine
stove on the ground, he remembered that in the past two years, there was a youzhong
ladle (
有种
马勺
)  sold in the town, which was smaller than the
iron pot and had a long handle to hold it up. The big belly pot was usually
used to cook rice, boil water and stew soup, but sometimes the big pot was
occupied by steamed buns and rice porridge, and it was not very good to use
clay pots for cooking.
He had seen a youzhong ladle in an iron shop. It had a
shallow and flat mouth, and the big spoon could be moved back and forth without
restraint. It was just suitable for stir-frying. He didn't usually cook,
so he didn't think about it. Now that he had money, he youzhong ladle could
afford it.
Shen Xuanqing didn't say anything, but just wrote it
down in his heart.
When Lu Gu saw him coming in, he knew that he was
hungry, so he quickly took out the mushrooms, the rice wine was cooked, and put
it in a bowl on the chopping board, and covered the steamed buns and steamed
sweet corn in the drawer.
Shen Xuanqing brought two bowls of rice wine into the
main room, and then Lu Gu brought over the remaining vegetables and steamed
buns, and also picked up a bowl of small pickles, fried enough mushrooms, and a
big bowl was enough for the two of them to eat.
After lunch , there was nothing else to do, so Lu Gu drove the ducks to swim.
The river was colder, but the ducks had thick feathers, so they could go
swimming in winter when the river was not frozen. Naturally, they were not
afraid.
He also brought a bunch of bamboo strips over here, and
wanted to weave a few baskets. When the family collected grain next year, in
addition to the cart, they could also carry in the baskets with a pole. He
could also use it to pick other things, to have more was better than nothing.
Shen Xuanqing had nothing to do, took the puppy and the
big dogs around in the nearby forest, intending to let the puppy learn hunting
skills, and it happened he could teach the puppy after three months, even if he
couldn't learn it for a while, he could start from now. Let him see how the big
dogs chased the rabbit and caught the pheasant, he couldn't play and had fun
with Lu Gu all day long.
Lu Gu sat by the pond to make basket, Dabai turned his
head and lowered his head to sniff around him, although he couldn't see the
people and dogs in the forest, but the forest was open, and the echoes of dogs
barking could be heard from time to time.
Shen Xuanqing usually didn't go to the northern forest,
but he came here today to see the traps, and by the way, to see if there were
any traces of wild boars and old bears, and secondly, there were less people
here, and there should be more wild rabbits digging holes than other places.
He checked carefully and turned a large area in the
northern forest, but found no traces. He thought that maybe this year, the
vegetation was lush, and the wild boars and old bears could find enough food in
the deeper and farther forests, so they didn't get out.