111

Chapter 111
The forest was lush and green, but there were still some dry grass from last year on the ground. The puppy trampled past with his four hooves, and pricked up his ears alertly when he heard any movement. The puppy now was strong but not fat, with smooth and thick fur, he looked very agile and smart.
Lu Gu came over from behind carrying a bamboo basket. When he saw some edible young buds, he picked them off. These buds looked a bit like wild camellia when they blossomed, but they couldn't be used to make tea, they could only be eaten as vegetables.
Most of the vegetables they planted at home still hadn't grown, so they didn't bring them with them when they went up the mountain. They only brought winter melon, loofah and spring vegetable seeds, which they planted in the front and back yards two days ago. As for the vegetables they wanted to eat, they could find all kinds of wild vegetables and leaf sprouts all over the mountains, so they didn't have to worry about not having anything to eat.
Lu Gu jumped on the spot, jumped high, grabbed a branch from a high place and pulled it down, pinching off the tender buds one by one. He took a step back before letting go of the branch in his hand to avoid scratching his face.
His hands and body were covered with leaves and dust, so he patted them off before picking up the bamboo basket and continuing his search. He didn't stop until the basket was almost full.
This place was not far from the bamboo forest. Lu Gu thought for a moment, turned around and shouted, "Guaizi, let's go to the bamboo forest and dig two bamboo shoots."
"Woof!" The puppy barked and followed, no longer playing around.
Whether he was digging or picking things, most of the time he would bring a hoe or a sickle with him. Firstly, it was convenient to use, and secondly, it was a precaution in the mountains. Although he came to pick young buds today, before going out he remembered Shen Xuanqing's words, he said that he must be careful when going out, so he brought a short hoe with him.
It was almost noon and he felt a little hungry. He thought he should dig two big bamboo shoots and then go back to cook, so he grabbed the handle of the hoe from the bamboo basket behind him and took it out.
The bamboo forest was right in front of him, only a few steps away. Just as Lu Gu was about to go in, the puppy suddenly started barking at the bamboo forest, barking continuously.
He was startled and looked over with the hoe clenched in his hand. He found a green snake entangled on a thin bamboo not far away. The snake's body was twisting and circling slowly, which made his scalp numb.
Bamboo snakes are poisonous. Even though he had never been bitten, Lu Gu felt weak in the knees. He decided not to eat bamboo shoots today. Thinking of this, he said, "Guaizi, hurry up and go back."
As he spoke, he stepped back, and after taking a few steps, he quickly turned around and walked so hurriedly. The puppy followed him immediately when he saw him walking, without rushing into the bamboo forest.
After walking a long way and reaching an open area on a downhill slope, Lu Gu slowed down, patted his chest and slowly exhaled.
He was quite afraid of snakes, but at least he managed to stay calm and his legs and feet didn't tremble. Wei Lanxiang was most afraid of snakes. When they were digging wild vegetables in the front mountain, they saw half of an old snake skin in the grass. Wei Lanxiang was so scared that her hands and feet were shaking, and she called him and Shen Yan tremblingly.
There had always been snakes in the mountains. He was very lucky that the one he encountered today was wrapped around a bamboo and far away from him. If it was hanging on a tree branch, walking under the tree and suddenly seeing a hanging snake, he would be scared to death.
Lu Gu rested here for a while. There were a lot of bushes on the way back. There was no road here, so he had to walk around randomly. Sometimes he couldn't avoid it, so he picked up a long branch on the ground to hit the grass.
When picking up the branch, he was afraid that there might be small snakes or insects on it, so he kicked it with his toes and only dared to pick it up after he was sure there was nothing on it. The bamboo snake just now really scared him.
He felt safe holding the hoe in his hand. If he really found snake, he could swing it to scare it. So he didn't put it back into the bamboo basket, but walked back with a branch in one hand and a short hoe in the other hand.
"Woof woof."
When he unlocked the gate, Dabai called out from inside.
As soon as the gate opened, the puppy rushed in first and buried its head in the water bowl. The tied-up Dabai stood up and limped a few steps. Perhaps because of the pain in his legs, he lay down again after a while.