80 Part 14

Quanzi’s fulang came out from the next door, he saw Wei
Lanxiang was holding a lantern and said, "Aunt Lanxiang, why don't you go
in and have a look."
"Your baby doesn’t sleep?" Wei Lanxiang asked
as he walked.
"No, he is awoken up by such a big commotion and kept
crying. I asked Quanzi to coax him." Quanzi's fulang was a chubby shuang’er.
He was pungent, but his heart was good, and he had a good relationship with his
neighbors, except Lao Zhang.
Quanzi's parents were good people, because they lived
next door to Zhang's family, they had more contact with each other. It was okay
when Lao Zhangtou (Lao Zhang’s husband) was around, but since his death, no one
could control Lao Zhang's family.
Quanzi’s fulang couldn't understand Lao Zhang's
villainous behavior, she beat Li Wanyun into badly. She liked to
take advantage of his parents-in-law's
kindness and love to take advantage of their family, if he hadn't stopped and
scolded her, many things would have been taken away.
Li Wanyun lit the candlestick with the lantern in
Quanzi’s mother ‘s hand, Zhang Zhengzi lay motionless on the bed, breathing very
weakly. Seeing the blood on the back of his head, Quan Zi's father was shocked. Lao
Zhang was also carried into this bright room, and after a while, she slowly
woke up among the crowd.
"Hurry up and invite langzhong, hurry up!"
Lao Zhang cried as soon as she woke up, but few people moved after hearing her
words.
Although the people from the Miao family came in, they
were all stayed far away and only watched from the outside. Aunt Miao was so
angry with the Zhang family that when his husband wanted to lift someone up,
she grabbed his arm and stopped him.
Lao Zhang had always been bad-mouthed, and she swore
and cursed all day long. It was considered good that these people could bring
her and her son in, and there was no need to save her.
As for inviting a langzhong, it was still okay during
the day, langzhong was in Anjia Village, which was three villages away. How
could it be so easy to walk on this snowy night? they couldn't see clearly. What
if they accidentally fell heavily?, and if they had bad luck, their legs would be
broken, and if they fell on the halfway, they tried to call someone for help
but no one passed by to rescue them, so they would lose their lives.
If it was placed in someone else's house, a few young
men would help go to langzhong, and there was no need to say anything
superfluous, but this was Lao Zhang, with a vicious mouth and heart, and she
could even sell his own daughter. If you helped her, maybe you would get a bad
name in her mouth in the future, it was not like this kind of thing never happened
before.
When
Wei Lanxiang came in, she saw Shen Xuanqing, who was the tallest, and she was
relieved to see that he and Shen Yaoqing didn’t interfere, but seeing Lao Zhang
and Zhang Zhengzi who was lying on the bed reminded her of Shen Shunfu, and she
felt a little uncomfortable. It would be best to help out, but it was Lao Zhang,
alas.
In the end, it was Quanzi's father who committed the
crime with good intentions. He felt that he couldn't just leave them alone, so
he gritted his teeth and said, "Then I will..."
"Father." Quanzi fulang interrupted him from
behind the crowd, and said loudly: "Father, you are old, your legs are bad,
and the snow is slippery. Who will save you when you fall?"
"Quanzi
is coaxing the baby at home. I usually cook and do laundry. If you have a
broken leg, who will take care of you? My mother is also getting old. In such a
cold day, do you still let mother take care of you?"
"It costs money to buy medicine, our family wants
to raise a baby, how can we spend so much money, or are you willing to let your
grandson eat bran and vegetables only in the future? If you have money, you can
go, and I will never stop you."
Quanzi fulang's mouth was very sharp, and he was not
afraid that his words would be unpleasant, and sometimes if he didn't speak
harshly, his parents-in-law would be confused.
What he said made Quanzi’s father patted his head in
embarrassment and he didn’t dare to speak again.
The son didn't move at all, and Lao Zhang was so resentful
that he couldn't careless about scolding Quanzi’s fulang. She woke up when she
heard the word "money", she took out Zhang Zhengzi's rough jade
pendant in her hand, and said hastily "This jade pendant is worth three hundred
copper coins at least. If anyone goes, I will give it to him. I beg you to help
me."
Shen Xuanqing looked down on the rough jade pendant and
kept silent, but he knew that someone would definitely go.
Three hundred copper coins was a lot for other people
in the village and it was enough to live for a while. Some young people looked
at each other, but they were too afraid about walking on the snowy road in
winter nights alone. Langzhong was also old, and the snowy road was not easy to
walk, they still had to help him so that langzhong didn’t have an accident on
the road. It was better for the three young men to help each other, of course,
they took the jade pendant in their hands before leaving, they couldn’t let Lao
Zhang regretted it later.
There were many people in the room. Seeing that there
was nothing else to do, Shen Xuanqing and Shen Yuanqing found that Wei Lanxiang
came over with a lantern and they thought about going back. No one wanted to
get involved in the affairs of Zhang Zhengzi's house, and everyone was not a langzhong,
and they couldn't help when they stayed here, so they went out one after
another.
"Father, you can’t help with anything here, and
Quanzi can't coax the baby alone. You also know that your eldest grandson has
to be hugged by several people when he cries. In this way, you go to find
Musheng's parents, at least they are Zhengzi's second uncle, let them help, aunt
Zhang also has someone to take care of her."
Quanzi’s
fulang was afraid of being taken advantage by the Zhang family, and besides, it
was not that the Zhang family had no relatives from the same clan in the
village. If there was anything, Lao Zhang could discuss it with their
relatives, why should they meddle here?.
"Sure, I'll tell them." Quanzi's father also
knew this truth, he took the lantern from Quanzi’s mother’s hand and went out.
Lao Zhang half leaned on the small bed, and she snorted
lightly with her nose when she heard Quanzi fulang's words, her eyes were also
squinted. She hated Quanzi fulang, but from the beginning to end she never
flared up.
It was indeed time to find the second room. She was the
eldest sister-in-law, and she helped him marry his wife. As the saying goes, the
eldest sister-in-law was like a mother, she could use her identity to suppress
the second room. Now she was injured, so the second room had to come and take
care of her no matter what.