64 Part

Chapter 64
The
smoke was rising, the cloudy sky was not very warm, and the wind was blowing
after a while, Shen Xuanqing couldn't stay for a long time to eat, Zhou
Xiangjun and Shen Yu sat for a while and left.
Shen Xuanqing came back late, not in time for lunch,
and it was not time for the rest of the Shen family to have dinner at this
time, so he was the only one eating.
Lu Gu scrambled eggs for him. In the morning, Shen
Yaoqing bought a piece of meat from Meng Dayue in the neighboring village, cut
some meat and fried it with qiucai. Qiucai became greener and more delicious
when they were fried with the meat oil.
The smell of meat made the puppy wandered around under
the table, even rubbing against Shen Xuanqing's calf. While Wei Lanxiang
wasn't paying attention, Shen Xuanqing threw a piece of meat to him, and the puppy
wanted to ask for it again after eating, but he ignored it.
"Guaizi, come here." Lu Gu cleaned the pot,
but the water in it was not scooped out. After Shen Xuanqing finished eating,
he had to wash the dishes. The bottom of the stove was still warm, and the
water was still hot in the pot. Seeing that the puppy continued to be
annoying as if he didn't hear him calling, he took one of his front paws and
dragged him away, away from Shen Xuanqing.
"Do you want to eat?" Shen Xuanqing asked
when he saw him coming.
Lu Gu shook his head and said, "No, you eat, we've
already eaten."
The
puppy accidentally ran to Shen Xuanqing's side again, tilted his head and
barked, and squatted down without paying attention to it, looking at Shen
Xuanqing eagerly.
Everyone in the family was there, Lu Gu was embarrassed
to sit at the table to eat with Shen Xuanqing, and went out after a short
pause. He picked up some firewood and carried it into the kitchen.
It was cool in the late autumn, and it got dark earlier
than before. It was just getting dark, and the Shen family went back to their
rooms after washing.
Candle was lit in the room, Lu Gu and Shen Xuanqing
soaked their feet together, he sat on the edge of the bed, Shen Xuanqing took a
chair and sat the opposite, put mugwort leaves in the tub, the color of the
water became darker, and the white feet were hidden under the water. Occasionally,
he accidentally touched Shen Xuanqing's feet when he moved, and he lowered his
head and didn’t dare to move anymore.
Pulling over the bamboo basket on the side, Shen
Xuanqing took out a money bag from under a large hemp rope, opened it and saw a
lot of silver ingots inside.
Seeing so much money, a smile appeared on his face, and
he raised his eyes to the dumbfounded Lu Gu and said, "It's two hundred
and sixteen taels in total, and those two pieces of silver fox fur have good
color, and even the master agreed, this is a good deal. Fox furs are expensive
and hard to buy in Fucheng, so they were sold at a high price, thirty taels per
piece. The remaining ten red fox furs are smooth and thick, one for ten taels,
and the remaining seven are slightly inferior. One piece sold for eight
taels."
Fox fur was rare, and it looked good in winter, it was light
and warm, and rich people liked it the most, so it could be sold for so much
money, not to mention the village, even in Fenggu Town, two hundred taels was a
lot of money. Not a small fortune.
Shen Xuanqing took two silver ingots from the purse and
handed them to Lu Gu, and said with a smile: "The silver ingots of fifty
taels are too big, I asked the manager to take them into small ingots of ten
taels, and the remaining sixteen taels were scattered silver."
After
all, Fenggu Town was a town, and even the large silver ingots of twenty taels
were not used much, let alone fifty taels, and it was so big and inconvenient
to carry on the body.
A silver ingot of ten taels was not small. Lu Gu only
felt that the two ingots in his hand were heavy. He had seen five taels and one
tael of silver ingots before, and the one tael was the most compact. He had
thought that when he had a thousand copper coins, he could go to the town to
exchange one tael of silver.
"You take it, you can buy whatever you want to
eat." Shen Xuanqing was dumbfounded when he saw that he was holding the
silver and didn't speak for a long time, and couldn't help laughing.
Unexpectedly, Lu Gu handed it back after listening,
Shen Xuanqing was puzzled.
"You, you save it, twenty taels are too much."
There was so much money that Lu Gu stumbled, looked up and said seriously:
"It's two hundred taels."
Seeing that Shen Xuanqing didn't answer, Lu Gu Gu was a
little anxious, so he stretched out his hand to grab Shen Xuanqing's hand,
opened it and put two silver ingots into his palm.
"Well, you take these broken silver." Shen
Xuanqing smiled even more, remembering that there were still thirty-eight taels
in the box, eight taels could be taken out for daily use, and the remaining two
hundred and thirty taels could be saved. It was good.
"En." Lu Gu agreed with a light nod of his
head, but he was thinking in his heart that he had enough money to buy needles,
thread, and silk, so why should he spend so much money?.
The next day was still cloudy, and the chickens and ducks had
been on the mountain for several days, Lu Gu was a little worried, but now that
the two of them were getting more familiar, Shen Xuanqing could sometimes guess
what he was thinking.
After eating breakfast, Shen Xuanqing said to Wei
Lanxiang: "
Mother, we will pack up and go to the
mountain later. "
"So
fast. "Wei Lanxiang got busy when she heard this, packed dried persimmons
for them, and said: "I'll give you two a few packs. You can eat them when
you're free. You can take some with you when you go hunting, and chew them when
you're hungry."
"Mother,
you take these. Later, the family will buy meat to make cured meat, make new
clothes for you and Shen Yan, and buy her a silk flower or something." Shen
Xuanqing said, and handed over ten taels of silver.
From time to time in the village, peddlers would bring
their loads. Broken silver was better after all, not to mention that rural
women couldn't spend all the silver ingots of ten taels at a time.
When he went to Fucheng this time, he saw a girl who
was about the same age as Shen Yan wearing a small silk flower on her head.
Shen Yan only had a hair tie, and she usually only wore it when she picked
mountain flowers on the mountain, and they withered within a day or two. She
loved these flowers. He wanted to buy some for his younger sister, but he
didn't understand this, and since Lu Gu didn't like flowers, he didn't buy
them.
"Okay, mother knows." Wei Lanxiang smiled
from ear to ear, and carefully put the money into her arms. When she fell
asleep last night, she wanted to ask the second child how much the fox furs was
sold for this time.
For a countryman, ten taels of silver would take a year
or two to save. After taking so much money, she rested her mind. Shen Xuanqing
had his own thought when he was older, and besides, he had his fulang.