37 Part

Chapter 37
On the way to the mountain, they
met several villagers who came to pick chestnuts with bamboo baskets on their
backs, and walked to the hillside. When reached the forest, the crowd
dispersed, so they couldn't see them anymore. Sometimes, they could hear parents
shouting to the wild boy to stop messing around. There was a vague movement of
running.
Shen Xuanqing followed. Originally, Wei Lanxiang was
thinking about him walking on the mountain road yesterday and refused to let
him follow. He said that if something happened or Shen Yan and Lu Gu couldn't
carry it, they would have to call him.
Lu Gu was also tired yesterday, and Wei Lanxiang didn't
let him carry the bamboo basket today, he picked it up with Shen Yan and put it
in Shen Yan's basket, even this may not be able to fill it up, people in
several villages had gone to the mountain to pick up chestnuts.
When the days were better, you didn’t have to rush to
pick them up before others when you went to the mountain. The five of them
could walk more slowly. They found a cluster of edible mushrooms, and quickly
picked them and put them into a bamboo basket.
Shen Yan was a girl, and she was young. She didn’t dare
to go to the mountain by herself without being accompanied. At most, she dug
wild vegetables and collected mushrooms on the hillside not far from her home,
but people often passed by there. There were wild vegetables, but there were
not many mushrooms, so when she picked up a bunch at this moment, she was
naturally happy.
Lu Gu had never been to the mountains of Qingxi Village
before, but the Shen family often came here and knew where the chestnut trees
were, so he just followed. Usually he was used to carry the bamboo basket
on his back, but there was nothing on his back today, which made him felt much
lighter.
Their house was the closest to the mountain, and they
came out quite early. When they arrived at the chestnut forest, there were two
figures in the distance. They were from the same village. Wei Lanxiang greeted
through the trees, and the other party also smiled back then continued to pick
up things.
Ripe chestnuts fell on the ground, Lu Gu bent down to
pick up a few, and he had to search under the fallen leaves in the grass.
Someone picked it up here, but there were not many things. They walked into the
woods while picking up.
Picking it up, Lu Gu came to the side, unable to hold
the chestnuts in his hand, he looked up and saw that Shen Yan was about ten
steps away, and just as he was about to go over, he heard Shen Xuanqing speak.
"Give it to me, you pick up yours, and I'll put it
away if you have any more." Shen Xuanqing took the chestnuts he was
holding in both hands, and held them with the hem of his clothes, so that he
didn't have to occupy his hands. He followed Lu Gu all the time, nothing to
worry about.
As soon as he turned his head, he could see Shen
Xuanqing picking up chestnuts beside him. He put the chestnuts that he couldn't
hold on Shen Xuanqing's clothes, which made Lu Gu felt unexplainable. He simply
didn’t think about it, and concentrated on picking chestnuts.
Shen Yan came over with a bamboo basket, Shen Xuanqing
poured all the chestnuts in his clothes into it, and walked forward with Lu Gu,
there were indeed not many things here, he saw many in the deep forest that
day, but he was busy hunting so he just picked up some for Lu Gu to eat.
When passing by a water bun tree, it was covered with
red fruits, the fruit was bigger than an adult's finger, and could be stuffed
into his mouth. Shen Yan pointed to the tree and said to Lu Gu: "Brother
Guzi, this was bitter buns, you could’t eat them.”
“Yeah.” Lu Gu nodded, thinking of the sweet bun tree he
found, he said, “I found the sweet ones in the mountains, and I wanted to bring
you some. But I was in a hurry to go down the mountain yesterday, so I
didn’t have time to pick it.”
“Then you bring me some next time.” Shen Yan was not
polite to him, sweet buns were scarce, and when she heard that Lu Gu had found
them, she was very rare and wanted to eat them, she said: "Look at whether
my mother would go to the mountains to pick up chestnuts in two days. If she
go, I will go with you too. You just tell me where the sweet buns, and I can
pick them back for us by myself. I will pick a lot of them. Well, I still want
to bring it back to brother Daqing to eat."
When Lu Gu heard her said this, it seemed as if she had
found the sweet buns, and she wanted to pick a lot of them back. Such childish
but serious words made him unable to help but bend his eyes slightly, revealing
a very faint smile, he nodded in agreement.
"Shen Yan, come quickly, there were raspberries to
eat." Ji Qiuyue shouted from the front, and she walked to the side of the
chestnut forest. A dwarf raspberry tree with small fruit hanging from it,
already red.
As soon as Shen Yan heard this, she hurried over. These
three dwarf raspberry plants had traces of being picked by someone else. The remaining
green fruits should be ripe again. There were only a dozen fruits in total. She
picked one and tasted one, sweet and sour, this kind of berry was a bit small,
not enough to fill a mouthful.
She divided the picked fruits, Shen Xuanqing and Wei
Lanxiang didn't want it, Ji Qiuyue tasted two, Lu Gu didn't eat much, and gave
her the rest.
The whole family wandered around the mountain all
morning, and they didn't go back until noon when it was time to eat. Shen Yan
carried half a basket of chestnuts, and Wei Lanxiang and Ji Qiuyue had about
the same amount in their bamboo baskets, not many, but they also picked some mushrooms.
With the wild fruit, fried the mushrooms when you went back, and ate them while
they were still fresh.
Shen Yan took a bunch of mountain flowers in her hand,
she walked with Lu Gu, and said: "Brother Guzi, I went to the town and saw
someone selling flowers on the street, I should be able to sell these if I pick
them, that is our place is a bit far from the town, so we have to go there
in the morning, and we won’t be able to sell it if it’s dry at noon.”
Lu Gu nodded in agreement, when he went to the town
with Shen Xuanqing, he also saw someone selling flowers, the beautiful and
fresh ones were expensive, and he followed Shen Xuanqing into the mountains. If
he saw beautiful mountain flowers in the mountains, he could pick them up and
bring them back but they would dead on the way. It was not as cost-effective as
dried wolfberries and soapberries.
As Shen Yan said, her heart came alive. The next time
Mother took her to the town to sell duck eggs, she would pick some flowers and
planted them in the yard, when the time came, maybe she could sell them for some
copper coins too.