94 Part

Chapter 94
Growing up so big, Shen Xuanqing had never been laughed at by anyone, let alone by the youngest Shen Yan.
The little girl had no eyesight. She spoke bluntly as if she was two or three years younger. She still talked like a child, but she was almost twelve years old. How could she speak so nonchalantly and call her brother a fool.
Shen Xuanqing stood there and thought a lot, but when he looked at Lu Gu who bowed his head shyly, he couldn't walk with the brazier in his hand, and couldn't even speak to reprimand or refute Shen Yan.
When Ji Qiuyue heard Shen Yan's words, she couldn't help laughing immediately, and when she saw Shen Xuanqing's line of sight didn't leave Lu Gu and stood at the same place foolishly, the fool really became a fool.
Wei Lanxiang who was tidying up in the room heard what they said. She came out to look out of curiosity, she saw her son staring at his fulang, and then she looked at Lu Gu's shy appearance. Who couldn't understand anything, she smiled until the creases on his face deepened.
There were too many people watching, and Shen Xuanqing finally came to his senses. His ears were reddish, and he hesitated and said, "I, I, I'll pour out the ashes first."
He used the charcoal brazier in his hand as an excuse, and finally slipped away. He didn't dare to look back.
Shen Yan was simple minded, and she only thought about eating and playing on weekdays. She didn't understand Lu Gu and Shen Xuanqing's reaction, but hen she saw her second brother fleeing to the backyard with a slightly embarrassed expression, she found it interesting.
Wei Lanxiang saw her daughter who was laughing foolishly, so she poked her on the forehead and said, "This little girl, don't call your second brother stupid in the future, if other people hear that they are being laughed at, they will beat you, and at that time I can't take care of you."
Shen Yan was frightened when she heard that she was going to be beaten, but when she turned her head and saw Lu Gu, she became more confident, with brother Guzi around, the second brother wouldn't dare to beat her.
"Alright, alright, go wash your face, your aunt's will come later." Wei Lanxiang urged her with a smile.
There would be guests at home today, the house had to be cleaned up. Everyone in the family went to work on their own, and Lu Gu was quietly relieved.
His cheeks were slightly hot, and Shen Xuanqing's reaction just now made him so shy that he didn't even dare to raise his head.
When Jin Qiuyue was combing his hair before, he saw himself in the bronze mirror. The sister in law was skillful, and the combed hair was much better than when he usually tied it with cloth. Perhaps he was used to seeing himself, and rarely wore hairpins and silk flowers. He only felt a little awkward when he glanced at himself in the bronze mirror, but he never thought that Shen Xuanqing would...
He took the broom leaning against the wall of the house and was about to clean the main room when Shen Xuanqing came from the backyard with an empty charcoal brazier.
The four eyes met, and the two were speechless.
Lu Gu's cheeks warmed up again, now that he was getting closer, when he saw Shen Xuanqing who kept staring at him and his adam's apple moved, made his ears turn red.
Taking advantage of no one seeing the two of them, Shen Xuanqing said softly: "It looks good."
Lu Gu clenched the broom in his hand tightly. He felt embarrassed and happy at the same time, squirming and trying to grab the corner of Shen Xuanqing's clothes, the smile on his face couldn't be hidden.
But at this time Shen Yaoqing came out from the main room, he was so frightened that he quickly withdrew his hands and hurried back to the room to sweep the floor.
Wearing new clothes on the first day of the Chinese New Year, the members of the second room of the Shen family went out with silk flowers and hairpins on their heads, and bracelets on their hands.  As for Shen Yaoqing and Shen Xuanqing, both of them had sachets hanging on their waists which could be described as brand new and beautiful.
Even when Shen Shunfu was here a few years ago, his family didn't have such a feeling of wearing gold and silver.
Because the old hunter earned a lot of money when he lived in the village before, the villagers knew at a glance that Shen Xuanqing made a lot of money as a hunter. Otherwise, how could he turn over in just a few years and live a better life than before.
Zhou Yunzhi saw the silver bracelet in Wei Lanxiang's hand, and then glanced at the other family members of the second room. She felt sour in her heart.
Her eyeballs kept looking at other people's jewelry. Wei Lanxiang smiled, she raised her hands deliberately to fix her hair, so that the silver bracelet in her wrist became more visible, she said: "Sister-in-law, look at our Qiuyue, she forced me to comb my hair even though I'm this old. I said that combing hair is for young people, but she still insisted on putting silk flowers on my hair. I said just put one silk flower, but she didn't want to listen, she insisted on putting so many silk flowers on my hair. "
When Zhou Yunzhi heard it, the sour water in her heart could come out. She always disliked the poor and loved the rich. When she saw that the second room family was indeed rich, her eyes no longer looked on top and but with a bit desire to curry favor, she said: "You too, today we are celebrating Chinese New Year, and your daughter-in-law is filial, you shouldn't spoil your child's good heart could."
"Look at this, the silk flower on my hair is bought by my eldest daughter in law. At first I didn't want to put it on my hair, but after thinking about it, I can't make my child sad." She gently touched the large silk flower on her hair with her hand, but unfortunately the silver bracelet on her wrist was thinner than Wei Lanxiang's, and it was still old bracelet.
"Oh, it's so beautiful. "Wei Lanxiang boasted smoothly, and when she saw that Zhou Yunzhi glanced straight at her wrist, she knew that she was showing off, her sister-in-law must be very sad right now, and her mood improved.
The two sisters-in-law were talking insincerely, and Zhou Xiangjun, who wasn't talkative, only laughed and said nothing. After a while, Shen Yan and Shen Yu said that the eldest aunt (paternal) came, and they rushed out to welcome her.
Because the first room took care the elderly, they lived in the old house. Shen Xuanqing's second and third aunt (paternal) would stay here for dinner when they came back, and the other members of the family would also come over to have a reunion dinner together.
Now even if his grandpa and grandma were gone, the rules of cooking and eating at the first room's house hadn't changed.
Shen Xuanqing's eldest aunt married far away, and she only came back to her mother's house during the Chinese New Year only, so naturally she also went to their house and the third room's house to sit and have a look.
Lu Gu went back first, he brought out eight plates of pastries and dried fruits prepared at home, put them in the main room, and poured boiling water into the teapot to make tea. After Wei Lanxiang and the others entered the door talking and laughing, he poured the tea.
"Eldest aunt, drink the tea." Lu Gu served the tea obediently.