60

Chapter 60
As
before, when they came back, Lu Gu and Shen Xuanqing sat and rested, and Ji
Qiuyue was busy cooking, and Wei Lanxiang brought them something to eat first.
Wei Lanxiang brought out a small bamboo tray. There
were dried red dates, persimmons, and peanuts. She put the small bamboo tray
down for the two of them to eat, and said to Lu Gu: "In addition to the
ones grown by our family, there are also mountain persimmons you picked. Some of
them are made into sun-dried persimmons, cut and sun-dried them, they’re
sweet.”
“Taste it first, don’t eat too much, save your stomach
to eat.” She was afraid that the two little ones would be greedy, and eating
too much persimmons wouldn’t be easy to digest , she specially exhorted.
They had many persimmons, last time Lu Gu came back and
picked a lot of hard mountain persimmons, as well as the persimmons at home.
Dried persimmons could last for a long time. In winter, there were sweet snacks
to eat, which were quite tough and chewy.
While talking, Shen Yan carried a basket of grass and
entered the door. When she heard the dog barking when she was threshing the grass
behind the house, she knew that Lu Gu and the others had returned. As soon as
she entered the door, her almond eyes slightly curved, and she shouted with a
smile: "Second brother, brother Guzi , you are back."
Shen Xuanqing responded to her, and when Lu Gu saw her
coming and wanted to touch the dried persimmon with her dirty hands, he quickly
handed it to her mouth. Shen Yan was not polite to him, she opened her
mouth and bit it, smiled and started to chew, then put down the bamboo basket.
"Girls, you have to wash your hands." Wei
Lanxiang scolded her, but the smile on her face didn't diminish, and they
couldn't hear the meaning of reprimand.
Shen Yan scooped up a basin of water and squatted down
to wash his hands, she saw the dried fish on the cart and said, "Brother
Guzi, you two have dried so many dried fish."
Lu Gu peeled a peanut, and replied after hearing that,
"Well, keep something for us to eat during the winter."
The
Shen family had a hard time in winter in the past two years, and Shen Yan was
young and also afraid of the cold and hunger. Hearing this, her almond eyes
widened, and she realized that there was no need to starve in winter, she was
very happy, nodded again and again and said: "
Alright,
let’s eat it in winter, and if we want to eat fish tomorrow, we’ll take the
branches and fish in the river, and save them all. I just saw Zhuzi and the
others fishing in the river.”
Shen Xuanqing looked at her younger sister's
expression, and knew that she was starved two years ago. At that time, the
family's rations were low. Even if he and Shen Yaoqing sometimes saved a few
mouthfuls for the youngest Shen Yan, it was still not enough. Suddenly, he
couldn't help but felt guilty, and secretly sighed in his heart. Fortunately,
this year, they could eat enough and wear warm clothes, and his family members
didn't have to suffer.
The same for Lu Gu, he didn't have to suffer any more.
He turned his head to look Lu Gu beside him, and put
the peeled peanuts into Lu Gu's hands. Even if he hadn't asked Lu Gu, he knew
that life in Du Hehua's hands must be bad. Didn’t know if Lu Gu could even eat a
few mouthfuls of hot rice.
"Shen Yan, come in and get a bowl of peppers."
Ji Qiuyue yelled from the kitchen, she was too busy chopping vegetables, so she
asked Shen Yan to pick the peppers and light the fire.
Shen Yan ate another piece of dried persimmon before
running in. Ji Qiuyue handed her the bowl and said, "Pick up more, it will
taste better."
After resting for a while, Shen Xuanqing got up and
unloaded the cart. Lu Gu and Wei Lanxiang also helped him.
The prey this time didn’t seem to be much, just eight
live pheasants and rabbits, but in the big bamboo basket Shen Xuanqing often
carried, there were a total of twenty five pieces of fox fur, six pieces of
unsightly miscellaneous fox fur. Among the twenty five good furs, there were two
silver fox skins, which were more valuable than the red ones.
To hunt these fox furs, he ran to many places in the
mountains. Not to mention the exhaustion, a pair of old shoes were worn out and
couldn't be mended easily. Those shoes were indeed old enough, so they were
simply thrown away.
Wei Lanxiang kept touching the silver fox fur, and said
to Lu Gu, "I've heard people say that those lords and madam in Fucheng
love to wear this silver fox fur, no matter how expensive it is, they can
afford it."
Shen Xuanqing was thinking about the shoes, he asked,
"Mom, I broke a pair of shoes, do you have any more at home?"
"Yes, I made you two pairs with thicker sole
and one pair with ordinary sole, enough for you to wear,
and
I’ll make another pair from the soles of your shoes, enough for you to wear. "
As Wei Lanxiang said she looked at Shen Xuanqing's feet, and wanted to make up
if she could.
Shen Xuanqing knew what she was thinking, and said:
"I threw away those pairs because they were too old. The soles of the
shoes were thin. I walked on the mountain roads, and the shoes was mended once.
This time, the hole was so big that it couldn't cover the toes and stuck out. If
it wasn’t for not being to far from the yard when it was broken, it would be
difficult to walk.”
Wei Lanxiang nodded and said: “It’s really not easy to
mend, just throw it away, and mother will make you a few more pairs."
After Wei Lanxiang had seen it, Shen Xuanqing stuffed
the fox fur back into the big bamboo basket and took it down, and sold it in
Fucheng another day. The price in Fucheng was higher than in Fenggu Town. When
they went to the town to sell them, Lu Gu brought out two handfuls of wild soapberries to keep at home. They would last for a while, so Wei Lanxiang and the
others didn't had to go up the mountain to look for them.
In the kitchen, Ji Qiuyue stir-fried vegetables, poured
the vegetables into the wok with a pricking sound, stir-fried them and cooked
them quickly, the fried vegetables were different from boiled in water, they
were fragrant.
In addition to a bowl of fried vegetables, because Shen
Xuanqing loved eggs, Ji Qiuyue also scrambled eggs for the two of them, and a bowl
of oily and spicy fried peppers. Shen Xuanqing broke off a steamed bun and
wiped it clean.
The white flour steamed buns were served to them. They
were white, soft and delicious. The steamed buns were stained bright yellow
with egg residues and oil from the bottom of the plate. Shen Xuanqing didn't
eat them, so she handed them to Lu Gu.
The oil seeped into the steamed buns, and the oil was
salty and delicious, and there was a little egg, not to mention how fragrant it
was.
There were still a lot of people in the morning market,
and there were few carts to pull things today, so Shen Xuanqing was obviously
very relaxed.
Small wild animals like pheasants and rabbits were very
easy to sell, and the wild soapberries were also sold relatively quickly.
Finally there were two pheasants and one rabbit left. Shen Xuanqing guessed
that the medical center opened, so he pushed the cart and took Lu Gu to the
rice shop first.
they wanted to ask the owner of the rice shop if he
wanted wild game, and if he wanted it, they could sell it to him. Then they
could go to the medical center and sell the goji berries, so they could go home
and rest without having to stand and wait for the buyer.
There were some wild soapberries left, and Shen Xuanqing
yelled as he pushed the cart forward: "Wild soapberries, let's take a look
at the big wild soapberries. It costs five penny, which is cheaper."
After shouting, someone actually told them to stop
. Now, even if you only bought for copper coins, you would get three
copper coins.
When walking forward, Lu Gu also yelled, his eyebrows
were curved, although his voice was a little softer, but he was good-looking,
now that he had gained a little meat, his complexion had improved, and his
smile was even different from before, except for a bit of timidity, the kind of
humble and cowering appearance was no longer there.
In addition to rice, the rice shop also bought all
kinds of dried beans, miscellaneous grains and goji berries, but Shen Xuanqing
didn't open the lid of the basket of goji berries. It was two copper coins a
catty, so it was not worth selling it here, so they just showed the wild games
to the owner of the rice shop.
There were only two pheasants and a rabbit in total,
and the owner of the rice shop bought them together with the owner of the
grocery store next door, and even bought some of Lu Gu's wild soapberries.
Before leaving, Shen Xuanqing also bought some red
beans and yellow rice. The family only grew chai beans. They could use red
beans to make porridge, and then added some yellow rice into it to make mixed
rice porridge. The pheasant he sold was cheaper for the owner of the rice shop,
so when he bought red beans and yellow rice, the owner of the rice shop scooped
up some more for him.
After they went to the medical center to sell the goji
berries, Lu Gu put the money bag into his pocket, and as soon as he came out,
he heard Shen Xuanqing say to buy Tang Pozi. His eyes lit up, and he was full
of anticipation and joy. He also wanted to have Tang Pozi .