Lu Gu heard his whisper and asked in confusion, "Gain weight?"
"Won't you get fat if you get pregnant?" Shen Xuanqing explained. He wasn’t an expert on pregnancy, but from the pregnant women and fulangs he had seen since he was a child, he knew that a woman's belly would definitely get bigger after she got pregnant.
Without waiting for Lu Gu to respond, he turned over and lay on top of him, lowering his head and kissing the sweeter berries skillfully.
——
The pheasants were kept in the woodshed. Early in the morning, Lu Gu went out to pick tender leaves and fresh grass. Aside from feeding them and cleaning the shed, he avoided going near the woodshed to prevent startling them.
The male pheasant was exceptionally beautiful, with a long tail and feathers that were mostly blue mixed with other colorful hues. Shen Xuanqing said that some wealthy families liked to admire such beautiful bird, and it might be able to be sold for a good price.
Since he had caught such a rare mountain bird, Shen Xuanqing went out today with a bird-catching net, hung it up and spread it out in the woods, hoping that he might be able to catch some small and beautiful birds.
For a hunter, there was no such thing as too much killing. Catching birds to sell was just another way to make money, and there was nothing wrong with it. Besides, he didn’t catch birds often. After all, many people came to the mountains to catch birds to get money from rich masters, so one more person catching bird wouldn't make a difference.
After days of running around and exhausting work, what Shen Xuanqing looked forward to most was coming home to a hot meal made by his fulang.
The young chicken soup was indeed rich and fragrant, the meat was tender and soft. Lu Gu had also picked wild bud tips outside. After blanching them, he tossed them with salt for a simple, refreshing side dish. The slightly bitter wild bud tips had a sweet aftertaste, making them a perfect complement to the rich meat, both refreshing and palate-cleansing.
Despite regularly eating meat and oily dishes, neither of them had gained much weight, but their complexions had improved compared to before. Shen Xuanqing, in particular, was full of energy, and his smile had become a more common sight.
Almost a month had passed without them realizing it. They had accumulated quite a lot of prey, so they packed up and prepared to return to the foot of the mountain. The day before, Lu Gu went to pick wild soapberries, a reliable source of income that they couldn’t afford to forget.
The family was busy yet joyful. When they came back, they saw that the mud walls enclosing the five-acre plot had been completed, and the foundation for the three sturdy tile-roofed houses had been laid, taking shape. The open area was filled with stacks of wood.
The timber cut during the winter was dry and solid, making it highly resistant to rot. Some of it had been purchased from other people, while the rest was cut by Shen Yaoqing from the mountains. They needed to hire a carpenter to strip the bark, smooth the wood, and treat it with medicine to prevent termites. Later, there would be processes like painting and varnishing.
At this time of year, there was no farming work to be done, but the weeds in both the paddy fields and dry fields had to be pulled, or else the grain yield would decrease. Every day, they had to spare half a day to work in the fields. Therefore, building the house properly would take some time, but fortunately, there was no rush to complete it.
The mud walls were tall, and as Lu Gu and Shen Xuanqing walked through the spacious courtyard, Shen Xuanqing pointed to the open areas, explaining where they would raise rabbits and where they would build the chicken coop. The rough plan began to take shape, allowing Lu Gu to imagine the lively future ahead, filling his heart with joy.