43 Part

Chapter 43
Lu Wen left, and the Shen
family didn't stay on the street for people to continue watching.
Shen Xuanqing walked and said: "Mother,
sister-in-law, there is no need to be angry with him. It’s the best if this
kind of person is not married."
Upon hearing this, Wei Lanxiang began to chant
Buddha: "Amitabha, isn't it? Thanks God we didn't marry him back."
Lu Gu walked behind and didn't dare to speak, Shen Yan
was next to him, and she stopped smiling when she saw Lu Wen just now, and she
still glared at Lu Wen like that, this man was good-looking , but the heart was
really bad.
Just now Ji Qiuyue was so angry that she didn't care
about her superiors. Now that she found Lu Wen's words, she was a country woman
after all, so she asked worriedly: "Mother, is there anything wrong?"
Wei Lanxiang was still thinking, and Shen Xuanqing
spoke first, he said: "It's okay, leave it to me, you don't care, just
live as usual, these few days I'm in the town to manage things."
He spoke quite reliably, without the slightest worry,
which made Ji Qiuyue's heart dropped back all of a sudden to her stomach,
nodded in response.
Walking back out of the town, under Shen Yaoqing's
jokes, the whole family smiled again, Wei Lanxiang also talked with a smile, if
there was a real trouble, they who were bare feet were not afraid of people who
wearing shoes, at worst they would fight for old bones.
[the
barefooted
people are
not afraid
of those who
wear shoes
(idiom); fig. the poor,
who have nothing to lose, don’
t fear
those
in
power]
Shen Yaoqing agreed with her to show his determination,
which made his mother happy anyway.
Speaking of which, the Shen family really had a
marriage contract in their hands. It was a private contract, not an official.
This was done according to Qingxi Village's customary rules. The private contract
only needed to invite a matchmaker and a prestigious elder who could read and
write. It was not easy for rural people to get married. Once the marriage contract
was written and married, they would live together.
When Wei Lanxiang got married, it was a private
marriage contract, and Ji Qiuyue too. It could be said that every family in Qingxi
Village was like this, and other villages were also like this. Besides, before
the Lu family showed their fox tails, how could they had thought that they
wouldn’t marry, so Even if Shen Xuanqing had studied, because of this vulgar
agreement, he never thought about the government at all when he got engaged.
At the beginning, Shen Xuanqing didn't make a fuss with
the government, but then Shen Xuanqing knew that the members of the Li family
had a good relationship with the county magistrate. The people in the village
were not very familiar with the law. It would be fine if the county magistrate
reasonable and lawabiding, but if he did something to help the Li family, he
wouldn’t be able to fight with his mud legs, and he would also implicate the
family. After seeing the face of the Lu family, he was unwilling to get
involved with them again.
As for Lu Gu, Shen Xuanqing said that when he bought him,
he had no time to speak plain words, and asked Bao Zhiru and several people in
Anjia Village to testify. He pressed his finger without knowing it, in order to
prevent the Lu family members from making troubles one day, so they could have
a slave contract to talk about.
The deed of sale was clearly written with the money and
was pressed with the finger. Someone witnessed that the buyer and the seller
were voluntary, not forced to buy and sell. Lu Gu had a father who didn't love and
no mother only his stepmother, so no one would take the trouble to run around
for him.
After bringing back Lu Gu, Shen Xuanqing only asked
someone to inquire about Li Mingshan, and didn’t take any other actions. He was
unable to deal with people in the town by himself. He had to spend money to invite
people to drink and eat. Because he had to pay off his debt so this matter was
on hold.
After being with Lu Gu for a long time, he felt better.
He closed the door to earn money to live. What was Lu Wen? .
But since Lu Wen threatened them first, he wouldn’t be
polite.
The rice had to dry for two days before threshing.
Before getting busy, Shen Xuanqing went to town again the day after eating at the
restaurant.
The brothel was located on the West Street, and at
night this was a place where the lights were always bright. People came and went
during the day, but it was not as lively at night.
Shen Xuanqing didn't enter the brothel, and turned into
the alley behind the brothel. This alley was narrower, and the door looked a
little more messy and dilapidated than other places. He stopped in front of a
black lacquered door, diagonally opposite to the backyard of the brothel.
After knocking on the door a few times, he heard a
man's rough voice from inside, asking who was outside the door.
Shen Xuanqing talked to him, and soon the door opened,
and a slovenly man came out, he just got up from the bed, his clothes were not
well dressed, and his hair was messed up.
"I
said who is it, it's you, come in quickly." Luo Biao greeted him, caught
the wine jar Shen Xuanqing threw towards him with both hands, opened and
smelled it, then smiled, he said: "This is good wine."
Shen Xuanqing also carried an oil paper bag in his hand, opened it turned out to
be a roast chicken, Luo Biao rolled up the bedding, moved the table in the
middleof the kang, and the two sat on the kang to eat and drink.
[
炕
kang
: a heatable brick bed]
The strong wine was spicy, Luo Biao took a sip, put
down the wine cup, shook his head and sighed, "Good wine!"
He asked Shen Xuanqing how his family was and how his
business was, and while drinking, he said a few gossip, After four or five cups
wine and meat he was full of joy, Luo Biao said: "Second Brother
Shen, if you had anything to say, just ask, brother will never
refuse." He couldn't even eat, his mother was dying of illness, his
father died and he couldn't even buy a coffin, and he dug a hole with the
broken mat and buried him. He took his old mother and knelt on the street to
sell himself to save his mother, but the treatment would cost a lot of money,
except for the rich and benevolent people, who wanted to buy a long-term
handyman and brought back a sick burden.
Shen Xuanqing passed by when he came to the town to
work as a coolie. Seeing that his old mother was dying and screaming hungry, he
stopped and hesitated, he gave Luo Biao two cold steamed buns in his arms. This
was the ration that Wei Lanxiang brought for him for a day.
He gave it and was about to leave. Luo Biao stopped him
and asked his name. He shook his head and didn't say much. Luo Biao turned
around and broke a piece of cold steamed buns to feed his old mother. Shen
Xuanqing didn't see why he carried his old mother on his back to bury her. He
had to catch up with the merchants when he went to work to carry the big bags.
Hearing this, Shen Xuanqing was not polite to him, and
said: "Do you still remember Li Mingshan I asked you to inquire
about?"
Luo Biao thought about it for a while before saying:
"It's that grandson, I saw him in the building a few days ago, Don't look at
him like a man on the outside, his eyes when he is staring at the girl in the
building are straight, but his old lady was so strict that he can only sneak
around if he is greedy, and dare not come here often, you haven’t seen his
dirty face, as soon as he enters the room, he take off his pants and arch to
them, and his legs tremble when he is in a hurry, and sister Yao laughed behind
his back."