34 Part

Chapter
34
Shen Xuanqing looked at the
money bag embroidered with lion patterns, it was more delicate than the ones he
had used before, and it was not too small, it was more than enough to hold more
than two hundred copper coins on hand.
The peasants were poor, their money bag mostly made of
coarse clothes and few bright colors. When he was young, his home was fine, but
Wei Lanxiang’s embroidery work was not as good as Lu Gu’s. If he could make it
at home, there was  no reason to buy it
outside. Besides, he didn’t pay much attention to these things, as long as he could
hold money.
After Lu Gu gave him the money bag, he lowered his head
and said embarrassedly: "I'll serve the food."
The food in the kitchen was ready, just waiting to
be eaten.
Shen Xuanqing looked away from the money bag, the day's
hard work seemed to be wiped away after receiving the money bag, it was made
for him by his fulang    .
He unconsciously showed a smile, and when he saw Lu Gu
brought something out, he quickly stuffed the money bag into his arms, stepped
forward courteously, and because of the surprise and excitement in his heart,
he snatched Lu Gu's works, and said, "I'll do it."
Shen Xuanqing looked over with a smile in his eyes,
which made Lu Gu a little flustered. Recently, he knew that Shen Xuanqing was
handsome, but he didn't expect that with smile he would become even more
handsome. He didn't dare to look more, thinking it would be rude and offensive.
When the two of them sat down to eat, the smile on Shen
Xuanqing's face remained undiminished, and the money bag was still in his arms,
and he used this to pack the twenty taels of silver that he had exchanged after
going down the mountain.
There were often people in the family, so it was  more at ease to put the money down the
mountain, so as to avoid the need to carry it back and forth up and down the
mountain.
The fish soup was delicious, and there was a bowl in
front of both of them. Lu Gu tasted two mouthfuls, and the salt was just right.
He only stewed two small fish, and the big ones was killed, and it was wrapped
in coarse salt. Kept it for two days.
The river was so close, and there were only two of them
catching the fish. Once they were caught in the nets, there was  almost no chance of missing them. So they
often ate fish on the mountain.
Shen Xuanqing's mind was always on the money bag in his
arms, it was a joy, like a blossoming of joy. It wass just that he
suddenly remembered something, stopped his chopsticks, hesitated before asking:
"When we are in Lu's house, you and Lu Wen both know how to do these
things?"
Because the
Lu family was mentioned, he felt a little uneasy.
"Money bags and sachets." Shen Xuanqing
added.
It turned out to be this, Lu Gu nodded subconsciously
and said: "Well, he can do it too."
Shen Xuanqing heard that this was not quite right, and
asked again: "Then he often makes it and sells it to subsidize his
family?"
Lu Gu was stunned, Putting down his chopsticks, his
brows and eyes were puzzled, and he denied: "He often said that he would
read and copy books, and occasionally he made one or two, Du..."
He paused and continued: "Du Hehua took his, and
the ones I made together. Sell ​​it in the town."
From Lu Gu's point of view, Lu Wen's doing this was by
no means a regular practice.
When he was in Lu's house, Lu Wen ignored him. In the
village, they seldom went out together. Because he was boring and not talkative
at that time, and Du Hehua threatened him again, so he seldom talked to the
villagers or gossipped together, so he didn’t know how Du Hehua bragged about
Lu Wen to outsiders.
And even if he heard someone praise for Lu Wen, he
bowed his head and left because of his cowardice. People often said that he
was  out of sight and out of mind, so he
wouldn't be sad if he couldn't hear it.
Hearing this, Shen Xuanqing frowned. At the beginning,
the matchmaker told him that Lu Wen was sensible and caring, and that he was
not like a young master who didn't do any work. It turned out to be a lie, but
it made sense, if Lu Wen was really like what the matchmaker said Well, how
could you do things like crazy.
He hated the Lu family even more, but after seeing Lu
Gu's uneasy expression, he felt a sense of gratitude that made him stretch his
brows. Fortunately, it was Lu Gu who married back, not a villain like Lu Wen.
"It's nothing, I'll just ask. When we got engaged,
Du Hehua told the matchmaker that he made the money bag and sachet, but now it
seems that's not the case." Shen Xuanqing said a few words, seeing Lu Gu
in a daze, he hesitated , and said: "What you made were better than the
ones I have seen in the town."
When Lu Gu heard that Du Hehua put the money
bag and the sachet he made on Lu Wen's head, he felt awkward and uncomfortable.
It was him who did a lot.
It was just that before the grievance surfaced in his heart,
he heard Shen Xuanqing said that he was good.
The word "good" made him bowed his head
shyly, and he felt joyful because of the praise, so he couldn't help
whispering: "This money bag is big, it can hold a lot of silvers and a lot
of copper coins, and I bought other cloth, and I'll make it for you a small money
bag, which can hold scattered silver and a hundred or so copper coins, and can
be used when going out."
When he was at home at the foot of the mountain, Shen
Xuanqing glanced at Lu Gu's sewing basket, but didn't pay attention, his mother
and sister-in-law often did some needlework, he thought that Lu Gu was also
doing it, so he didn't think about it at all, and now he heard that he wanted
to make a money bag for him, and he put aside all the bad things, and nothing
was as good as his fulang making things for himself, he was happy.
"Okay, give it to me when you're done." He
promised again and again, and urged him earnestly as if he was afraid that Lu
Gu wouldn’t give it.
"En." Lu Gu nodded, and asked one more
question: "Then do you have any patterns you want me to embroider?"
Shen Xuanqing said, "I will use whatever you do,
and I don't understand these things ."
Hearing this, Lu Gu
thought for a while, then it was better to use tiger stripes, and it always
felt inappropriate to use anything else.