88 Part 22

Li Wanyun was more or less aware of the sympathy and pity
of others, but now she was no longer in embarrassment.
She returned home with the bowl, and the old Lao Zhang
who used to call her back and forth huddled in her room and didn’t dare to
speak.
Li Wanyun originally wanted to starve Lao Zhang a few
times, and let her taste that kind of feeling, but then she thought again, Lao
Zhang was old and frail and also had a broken leg, if she could 't stand the
starvation and died, even if she wanted to remarry, she also had to wait until
the funeral was over, and with the relatives of the Zhang family watching, she would
have a hard time living alone, so she had to serve meals and tea to her with cold
eyes.
Now, she no longer knelt down before she entered the
door of Lao Zhang's room, and she didn't even need to call her mother anymore. She
just put down the meal and left, and she didn't care about anything else.
In the kitchen, Li Wanyun was busy alone, while in the
room, Lao Zhang barely leaned on the head of the bed, her old eyes were turbid,
and she looked depressed and fatigued.
Li Wanyun tidied Lao Zhang up, even combed her hair. If
some relatives came over, as long as they had eyes, they wouldn’t say anything
when they saw that Lao Zhang was clean and tidy.
Lao Zhang's eyes were half closed, and she suddenly
remembered that on the day she and Zhang Zhengzi got married, she was beautiful
and bright in red cotton clothes.
Li Wanyun was chopping vegetables, which bring her back
to her senses.
when they first got married back then, Lao Zhang
treated Li Wanyun well, but as a mother-in-law she must set the rules,
otherwise the little daughter-in-law would be lawless. Zhang Zhengzi once
supported Li Wanyun, and at the time she felt bad in her heart, if she couldn't
control her daughter-in-law in the future, her son wouldn’t listen to her.
In addition, Li Wanyun's stomach hadn't moved since she
got married. It was okay for half a year, and she could
wait, but after a year, a year and half a year,
she still could 't give birth to a son and a half daughter, so she was anxious,
she felt that she had been cheated and married her son back with a barren woman.
All these things made her dislike Li Wanyun more and
more, beating and scolding gradually became commonplace.
As for regrets, Lao Zhang herself didn't know, she
sometimes even forgot about Zhang Zhengzi's death, and still called out her
son's name. She knew that she was afraid of Li Wanyun, but she still couldn't
figure out how she got to this point. Sometimes she subconsciously called Li
Wanyun to serve her, and when she saw the coldness in the other person's eyes,
she shrank her head back, be obedient and didn’t dare to speak again.
In the past few days, she became more and more
depressed, as if living in a dream, both illusory and muddled.
Old age with weak body was like this, if Li Wanyun didn’t
give her food and thick quilts, and give her decoctions, she would have gone
underground to meet Zhang Zhengzi long ago.
The laba porridge was fragrant, and the second room of
Shen's family’s house was full of people, like the other families.
The Zhang family was cold, Li Wanyun sat alone in the
main room eating porridge and vegetables. She dressed warmly and well fed, she
felt that she could get close to the bustle in this world.