46 Part 31

Before winter, the wheat was planted on the dry land,
qiuchai and chaidou was planted in two acres of land.
Soaked chaidou in advance, put them in when cooking
rice porridge, and boiled them together with white rice. chaidou was fragrant
and sticky, and it tasted good.
When he and Wei Lanxiang put away a big load of qiuchai,
the cart was almost full. They ate early today, and it was only noon now. Shen
Xuanqing looked at the sky and said, "Now that it's ready, just
go after the sun is not so hot."
Wei Lanxiang nodded, she glanced at Lu Gu, and asked,
"Are you alone or not?"
Shen Xuanqing also looked over, met the eyes of Lu Gu
who raised his head, and said, "Let's go, and see shifu and shimu."
"Well, it's a long way to go, it's good to have a
companion, come back tomorrow night, I'll leave some food for you two."
Wei Lanxiang said while washing her hands.
When Lu Gu heard that he wouldn’t be back until
tomorrow, and he had never met Shen Xuanqing's shifu and shimu, he couldn't
help but felt a little uneasy. Now Shen Yan couldn't bear it anymore, so she
took the embroidery frame and asked him to teach embroidery and he got busy
talking so he slowly forgot about his anxiety.
After noon, the sun was not so bright, so he packed up
and went out with Shen Xuanqing.
"Shifu and the others live in Jixing Town. After
passing Fenggu Town, it’s about 20 miles away, which is far away." Shen
Xuanqing said while pulling the cart.
Lu Gu nodded. It was indeed far away. Their Qingxi
Village was more than ten miles away from Fenggu Town, and they arrived in three
quarters of an hour. Jixing Town was on the other side of Fenggu Town, he
had only heard of it.
Knowing that he had never traveled far, Shen Xuanqing
comforted him again: "It's not urgent, you don't need to hurry too much.
If you're tired, take a rest halfway, and you'll be there when you walk."
Apart from his apprehension, the farthest
places he had been to were Fenggu Town in the south and Niujia village in the
west. He was still a little curious about Jixing Town in the south, wondering
what the scene was like there.
Lu Gu was very familiar with the road to Fenggu Town. He
was used to walk on mountain roads. This time, only Shen Xuanqing was pulling
the cart. He didn’t carry anything on his back. They walked slowly and even
took a break on the road, so he didn’t get tired.
When they reached Fenggu town, Shen Xuanqing stopped
and asked Lu Gu to watch the cart at the door when passing by the cloth shop.
He went in and bought some cloth for his shimu. The old hunter had furs,
and his shimu was kind to him, so he had to make new clothes for the old lady.
Lu Gu waited outside the door, picked up the bamboo
tube and drank a couple of sips of water, Shen Xuanqing came out after buying
the cloth, pulled up the cart and walked forward again.
Coming out to the south of Fenggu Town, Lu Gu looked
carefully and curiously at the places he passed. He had never been here before,
and he felt strange.
The two had to talk on the way. When passing through
the village, Shen Xuanqing also told him the name of the place and the village,
and said that although Jixing Town was far away from them, it was close to
Yuqingfu City.
The town was big enough and lively enough for Lu Gu,
but now he couldn't even think of the more prosperous prefecture.
Walking and resting along the way, after entering
Changxing Street in Jixing Town, there were more and more people, Lu Gu
approached Shen Xuanqing and the cart, he was not familiar with the place, so
he was inevitably nervous when he came here for the first time, and he was a
little afraid of being lost.
The restaurants on the street were bustling, all kinds
of shops were open, and the mellow oily smell was wafting from the oil mill,
especially the sesame oil.
"We will go back and make some sesame oil. It will
be more fragrant when we put it in the steamed custard." Shen Xuanqing
turned his head and said to Lu Gu.
Lu Gu carefully nodded his head and hummed, because a
few people came across, and he got closer to Shen Xuanqing.
He didn't notice it before, but now Shen Xuanqing saw
it, and realized that he was timid, and his eyes were stained with a smile
before he knew it, and he let Lu Gu approach him without saying a word.
In front of a tavern’s door there was a sign of wine,
and some people were sitting inside. After Shen Xuanqing said "here",
they stopped in front of the tavern.
Xiaoer was about to come out to greet him, when he saw
that it was Shen Xuanqing, he smiled courteously and said, "So it's
Brother Shen, I'll call the shopkeeper."
Yang Xian came out quickly, and Shen Xuanqing pulled
the cart, It was not good to stop in front of the tavern, and it would block
the business. After asking if the old hunter was at home, he pulled the cart
and headed towards the entrance of the alley.
"This is the new fulang?" Yang Xian was
pushing the cart on the other side. He was fairly handsome, with a beard, wearing
a long gown and a hat, and he was friendly. He looked like a businessman.
"His name is Lu Gu, and this is Brother Yang
Xian." After Shen Xuanqing finished speaking, Lu Gu called out in a low
voice, timidity was timidity, and there was still a proper courtesy.
Yang Xian nodded with a smile, he was a man, it was not
easy to talk to Shuang'er, he still asked Shen Xuanqing, as for the doubts
about the name Lu Gu, just asked in private.
After entering the rather spacious alley, they arrived after
five houses ahead. The slightly red-cheeked old Yang Tou sat while smoking on
the rod at the door, taking out a few dates from his arms to amuse his
grandchildren.
"Father, let's see who's here." Yang Xian
shouted before he arrived.
"Shifu." Shen Xuanqing also shouted.
Seeing his apprentice, Lao Yang felt happy all of a
sudden, stopped smoking, tapped the cigarette on the wall, wrapped the
cigarette bag around his waist, and stood up with a smile on his face.
Shen Xuanqing pulled the cart to the front and stopped,
and called Shifu again.
Old Yangtou was about to talk to his apprentice, when
he saw Lu Gu looking at him timidly, he also called out Shifu, his voice was a
little bit softer, but he was even happier, the old man's face was full of
wrinkles, this was his apprentice Fulang.
"Shifu, this is Lu Gu." Shen Xuanqing said
before he spoke.
Old Yangtou was always getting old, but he was not slow
to react, the smile on his face didn't change, he said cheerfully: "It's Guzi,
your shimu is inside, just steamed pumpkin and dates, go in and eat."