100

Chapter 100.
Not all girls and Shuang'ers were good at embroidering handkerchiefs and sachets. If the embroidery was not good enough and could make people laugh, it was better to buy them.
In addition, handkerchief was very useful for wiping sweat, hands and face. Everyone should have one on their body, and it was also cheap. For those who had a little money in the town, they could easily replace it with a new one when it was old.
Along the way, the handkerchiefs in Lu Gu's bamboo basket became the best seller. Because of the beautiful embroidery patterns and delicate stitches, they were most loved by the wives.
Lu Gu sold his handkerchiefs cheaply, only three copper coins a piece, and he didn't back down when he encountered a bargainer. When he came out of Huamei alley, all the twenty-three handkerchiefs he brought were sold out.
This Huamei Alley was considered to be a place where the rich families gathered in Fenggu Town. The girls in the boudoir were not easy to show their faces outside. Usually, an old woman or grandma would bring a handkerchiefs and sachets embroidered by the embroiderer to their home, and let them pick and choose. For small profits they could sell them cheaply, they could also sell them with higher price, it depended on their speaking skill, differ from one another.
[各不相同gè bù xiāng tóng: differ from one another (idiom); have nothing in common with each other]
It was also because of Lu Gu's embroidery skill was good, and it looked like he had put in a lot of effort, so many people were willing to buy them, as long as they were not made perfunctorily.
Lu Gu was lucky today, as soon as he entered Huamei Alley, he started peddling, shouting three copper coins for a piece, and the woman who was about to enter the door with a vegetable basket stopped when she heard the price. She turned around to have a look, she wanted to buy a handkerchief with flower embroidery for herself. But when she saw the things Lu Gu sold, she also called the masters of the family she was serving, and they bought five of them as soon as they saw that the things were good.
In fact, small rich families were not much different from ordinary people. At most, they lived affluently and could afford servants, unlike the rich and powerful families who had all kinds of rules about not going out.
Lu Gu and the others were talking in the alley, later three nearby families heard it, and they all also came out to have a look.
Lu Gu smiled naturally when he met a talkative person, he knew how to speak without Shen Xuanqing's help, and successfully sold three sachets and laozis.
He called grandma and aunt, he was well-behaved, fair skin and good-looking, his clothes were clean, making the older aunts and fulangs felt that he was pleasing to the eye when they looked at him. This business was much better than before.
He sold a sachet for 40 copper coins to a grandma, in the end he also gave her a handkerchief, she was so happy and told him to come next time and wanted to buy it again.
After coming out of Huamei alley, he was obviously much happier.
In fact, not all the aunts and grandmas just now were easy to talk to. There was a woman with gold and silver who looked down on his things. She raised her chin when she looked at people, and said a few harsh words, but he was busy doing business with others, so he couldn't even take care of his own grievances when he put away the money he got.
It was also because of this that he suddenly felt that the words of others were nothing. If the business couldn't be done, he would switch to someone else. There would always be someone who would appreciate his embroidery work. Besides, he himself felt that his embroidery work was not bad. When his mother was still alive, people in the town even requested his mother to make some for their families.
Shen Xuanqing saw that he was so happy, the joy of earning money was almost written on his face, and it was too easy to guess, so he asked with a smile: "How much did you earn?"
Just now when Lu Gu was selling things, because they were all women and fulangs, he stepped aside and waited beside him.
When Lu Gu heard him mentioning money, his eyes lit up, he turned his head and thought while saying: "I sold one sachet for forty copper coins and twenty-two handkerchiefs, the last one was given to someone, it's sixty-six copper coins. As for Luozi, I sold four small ones, it's twenty copper coins."
"En." He paused, and after doing the calculation in a low voice, he raised his head and said to Shen Xuanqing: "It's one hundred and twenty-six copper coins."
"That's a lot." The firewood he pulled with the cart only sold for sixty copper coins, so he smiled and said, "You earn a lot today."
The compliment made Lu Gu a little embarrassed, but the smile on his face didn't disappear. After the winter break, he kept doing embroidery work at home, and most of them were used by the family. It was cold and he didn’t go to town, so the sales were low. This time, he earned more than copper coins in Huamei alley alone. He was happy and excited.