65 Part 14

Two characters, he thought quietly in his heart with a
sullen head. However, he himself knew that knowing two characters was
nothing.
Shen Xuanqing saw that Lu Gu hung his head a little
listlessly, he was at a loss for a while, he didn't know what Lu Gu was
thinking, so he pondered for a while and said cautiously: "Then, I'll
teach you when I'm free?"
Hearing this, Lu Gu raised his eyes and looked at him, at
the end he nodded his head with eyes full of gratitude, and whispered:
"Okay."
Seeing that Shen Xuanqing didn't underestimate him, and
wanted to teach him how to read, Lu Gu's mood improved a little, happy and shy
at the same time, and finally couldn't say anything else, so he carried Tang
Pozi went back to the room to remove the quilt first.
He put Tang Pozi on the bed, thought for a while and
pulled a corner of the clean quilt to cover Tang Pozi. After a while, the
corner of the quilt became warm, and he stretched his hand inside to feel warm.
It was cloudy today, waited until tomorrow, if there
was sunshine, he could wash the quilts, otherwise it would be damp and moldy if
it didn't dry because of the rain.
The quilt was not dirty, but it was best to bask in the
sun. He first folded and put it at the end of the bed. When he saw the bulging
quilt in the corner, he couldn't help but put his hand into the warm quilt,
thinking that Tang Pozi was actually a bit like the sun, hot and warm.
The depression just now was gone, Lu Gu couldn't bear
the warmth, so he took the sewing basket and sat by the bed to work.
He found a suitable piece of cloth in the basket.
Everyone in the family already had sachets. He planned to sew a simple sachet
for himself. The cyan cloth was quite bright, and it was suitable for making a
sachet.
The sachets and medicine bags mentioned here referred
to the embroidered ones, which were more complicated to make, but the small
sachets were different, they could be used after sewing, and there was no need
to embroider them.
Shen Xuanqing washed his hands and had nothing to do
outside, so he also came into the room and sat by the side to watch Lu Gu sewed
sachet.
The small sachet was quick to make, after it was sewn
up, turned it inside out, put on two colored ropes, and it was done in a short
while, all he needed was to stuff medicine materials inside.
A rough guy who did rough work all day long had never
seen such meticulous work. Wei Lanxiang usually did needlework at home and Shen
Xuanqing had never seen it much. Now, seeing Lu Gu made a small sachet in a few
moments, he felt a little surprised , he also took an embroidery needle
threaded with colored thread in the needlework basket, held it in his hand and
looked at it for a long time.
This needle was too delicate, it made his fingers more
rough and clumsy, it couldn't compare with Lu Gu's.
Shen Xuanqing looked at it for a while, then picked up
a corner of the rag in the basket, and poked it with a needle, but he quickly
lost interest, thinking that it would be better for Lu Gu to hold it in his
hand to embroider.
After Lu Gu finished making the sachet, he put his hand
under the corner of the quilt, and whispered to Shen Xuanqing with his eyebrows
bent: "It's warm inside."
What he meant was obviously to ask Shen Xuanqing to put
his hands under the quilt too, to feel the warmth of Tang Pozi.
his little fulang smiled so beautifully, Shen Xuanqing's
throat tightened slightly, he almost stared straight with his eyes. He also
stretched his rough hand in, wanted to touch Lu Gu's hand.
He was extremely nervous and stiff when the books were
almost discovered, but for some reason now, a few pages of pictures that he had
seen before appeared in his mind.
Lu Gu was a little embarrassed when he touched his
hand, but was grabbed when he was about to pull it out.
After noticing Shen Xuanqing's different eyes, he
suddenly became nervous, and the strong premonition made him want to shrink
back, that was all at night, it was still daytime, and it was not like the rain
before, the sky was so dark that there was not much light.
The two people who were sitting fell on the bed, a
rough and warm hand came in from under the hem of his clothes, Lu Gu was
terrified but didn’t dare to push Shen Xuanqing away.