58 Part

Chapter 58
The
puppy was beaten and kept barking outside, Lu Gu was terrified, but he didn't
know where the strength came from, and he pushed Shen Xuanqing away.
Realizing what he had done, he drew back his hand and
froze.
Even Shen Xuanqing was stunned for a moment, the
barking of the puppy gradually became quieter, probably hiding in the corner,
the dogs would play and fight, sometimes they didn't know the severity, and the
puppy was too naughty, but there was Dahui here, no need to worry about the
puppy being bitten.
The beauty dissipated, as if even the temperature had
dropped, the room became quiet, the cold autumn rain was still falling, the
rain was heavy, flowing along the eaves.
The sky was dark, and there was a faint sound of
thunder rolling in the distance, and the howling of the strong wind, like the
whimpering and howling of an invisible giant beast.
Shen Xuanqing got out of the bed first to see what was
going on with the puppy outside. He was pushed away by his fulang on the bed,
which made him a little embarrassed.
The puppy had grown up a lot, but it was still fat. The
main room was dark, and there was no need to light up the lamp when they were not
working. Shen Xuanqing found him in the corner with the help of the dim light,
and opened the door of the main room to let in a little light.
It was windy outside, the door only opened a gap, and
the rain could drift in. When Shen Xuanqing closed the door, his hands and face
were covered with cold rainwater.
He picked up the cloth towel on the rack and wiped his
hands and face. Seeing the puppy leaning towards his legs, he couldn't help but
gently kicked the puppy's fat buttocks.
Lu Gu liked the puppy very much. He usually came out to
see what was wrong with him. Shen Xuanqing couldn't beat him. Besides, such a
big puppy was not easy to start.
This kind of strength was not painful for the puppy,
and he still wanted to enter the room with Shen Xuanqing, but it was a pity
that the door was locked. This time the door was closed tightly, even the latch
was fastened.
He scratched the door a few times and saw that it was
not open, then turned around and left, the rain was getting heavier and colder,
and even he knew to find a warm place, so he lay down next to Dahui on the sack
filled with the hay.
Shen Xuanqing closed the door, turned around and walked
towards the bed, and said with a fake cough: "No injury, maybe he was pushed
to the ground just now when they were playing."
In fact, he went out to see the puppy just
incidentally, and closing the door was his original intention. Otherwise, what
if the puppy broke in and run in.
"En." Lu Gu responded, still flustered in his
heart, carefully looking at Shen Xuanqing's face, but the room was so dark that
he couldn't see clearly whether Shen Xuanqing was angry or not.
Shen
Xuanqing went to bed and lay down, and it was even harder for Lu Gu to look at
his face. The tall man was hotter than him, and with multiple people in the bed,
it gradually became warmer.
The wind was blowing and the rain was falling, lying
down and doing nothing, hearing the sound of the rain outside gradually made
people lose their minds, floating in the air for a while, and falling back to
the world for a while, thinking of a way with a frowning face, how to make Shen
Xuanqing not angry.
Lu Gu's hand under the quilt moved slightly, his heart
trembled, and he was uneasy, but he still wanted to touch Shen Xuanqing's hand,
wanting to say that he wouldn’t push him away again, but the words stuck in his
throat, he trembled, not to know how to speak.
Suddenly, Shen Xuanqing's hand touched him, and it was
also this touch that made Lu Gu no longer hesitated, and directly grabbed his
hand, that big hand was warm and powerful.
What Lu Gu wanted to say was blocked, and Shen
Xuanqing, who could no longer bear it anymore, rolled over and pressed him
down. Suddenly, the room was full of panting sounds, which were extremely lingering.
The heavy rain lasted for half a day and overnight, and it
didn't ease until the next morning. The window of the room opened a gap
for ventilation, and the wind was less, so not much rain was blown in.
After breakfast, Lu Gu was still a little tired. He
moved a chair and sat in the main room to watch the rain outside. He watched
the rain in a daze and didn't know what he was thinking.
He slept well last night, but what happened before he
went to sleep was beyond his expectation, completely different from the past,
and even quite shocking to him, so he couldn't believe it until now.
Shen Xuanqing was feeding the chickens and ducks. By
the way, he cleaned up the woodshed, lit the green medicine leaves, piled them
in the corner and burned them without firewood. The smell of burning herbs
washed away other smells. After tidying up, he came out of the woodshed
and closed the door to prevent chickens and ducks from running around.
He squatted at the door of the kitchen to wash his
hands, he rubbed the wild soapberries with his hands until white foam appeared,
turned his head and saw Lu Gu sat in the main room still in a daze, he couldn't
help laughing, remembering what happened yesterday, even he was a little
embarrassed. But even so, his eyes were bright, and he could tell that he was in
a good mood just by looking at him.
That picture book was quite useful, Shen Xuanqing
washed off the white foam on his hands, lowered his eyes and thought secretly.
After washing his hands, he went to the kitchen. There
were two bowls of warm water on the chopping board. He put honey in one bowl
and stirred it with chopsticks before serving it to Lu Gu to drink.
The sweet honey water brought Lu Gu back to his senses,
Shen Xuanqing sat next to him, their legs were very close.
Shen Xuanqing was tall, and when he sat down, his calf
was longer than his. For some reason, the touching of their legs together
reminded Lu Gu of what happened yesterday, and gradually his ears and cheeks became
red, and he became embarrassed. He lowered his eyes, holding the bowl in his
hand nervously and timidly.