109 13

The days in the mountains were as calm as water. After two days of rest, Shen Xuanqing went hunting. There were no chickens or ducks to feed, so Lu Gu didn't need to mow grass. There were only the two of them eating in the mountains, and there weren't many clothes to wash, he wasn't used to suddenly have so much free time.
They didn't bring any chickens or ducks this time, so the large bamboo fence outside was useless. However, Shen Xuanqing didn't dismantle it. In the future, if he could catch living preys, he could put them inside during the day to graze, so that Lu Gu didn't have to mow grass and carry it back every day. If it was a pheasant, he could tie up its wings or cut its feathers so that it couldn't fly.
Lu Gu saw that the grass in the area circled by the fence was growing luxuriantly. Crickets and grasshoppers jumped through the grass from time to time. Those bugs were quite big. He thought it would be a pity that there were no chickens and ducks to eat them
There were not many mushrooms to pick in spring. There were plenty of wild vegetables, so they were not rare anymore. He couldn't sell them, just dug enough for the two of them to eat.
Lu Gu had nothing to do, so he washed his hair and did needlework in the yard while the sun was shining. The puppy was sleeping on the ground, its big furry head pressing against his legs. Just now it had rested its head on his feet, but it was a bit heavy so he couldn't move his feet.
The furry and warm feeling at the ankles could be felt through the clothes. The puppy ate a lot and often ate meat, so its fur was very smooth.
It was raised to keep Lu Gu company. Shen Xuanqing seldom took it out hunting because it was dangerous in the deep mountains. Although there were no wolves, jackals, tigers or leopards nearby, he still had to be on guard. His dogs had sharp ears and a sharp nose, so they were alert and smart. Even if they couldn't win the fight, they could still detect something was wrong early on.
With them, he would have a way out even if he got lost in the mountains. The deep mountains and forests were the most solitary and terrifying, there were patches of forests everywhere. Helter skelter, confused and disoriented, would make those trees all look the same. It was difficult to get out if someone got lost in there alone.
Lu Gu had been in the mountains for so long. Whether picking wild aquatic plants, gathering mushrooms, or catching crabs, it was always Shen Xuanqing who had taken him there before or pointed him to places where there would be no danger, or he just walked along the river bank.
Being timid also had its advantages. At least he wouldn't wander into the mountains and forests. Otherwise, if he really got lost in the forest, it would be difficult for Shen Xuanqing to find him even with the dogs in such a big and deep mountain.
The sun was warm, so his hair dried quickly. Lu Gu had work to do, so he didn't get up to tie his hair up. He concentrated on embroidering the peonies on the handkerchief. The wealthy families in the town liked this kind of handkerchief with more flowers, because it looked expensive and beautiful, so it sold well.
It was impolite to have disheveled hair and it must not be shown in front of outsiders. However, he was alone here and the puppy only knew how to sleep and play, so how could it understand human etiquette.
"Woo." The puppy suddenly raised its head and its ears stood up.
It got up and looked at Lu Gu, then ran and barked outside the door.
Usually this noise meant Shen Xuanqing had returned. Lu Gu put down the embroidery frame and walked out. Before he went out, he heard Dahui's voice in the distance.
The puppy ran over, but Lu Gu was not as fast as it. When he saw Shen Xuanqing putting down the limping Dabai on the ground, his heart tightened and he also went forward.
"What's wrong?"
They came back just after noon. The left front paw of Dabai was wrapped in cloth, and blood was still oozing out. Lu Gu's heart skipped a beat when he saw it, and he quickly looked at Shen Xuanqing to see if he was injured.