24 Part 8

Shen Xuanqing went to school for a few days when he was young, and he knew a few words, but the books he studied were serious books, so naturally he didn't know the characters of warm, fragrant and nephrite in the obscene songs, he only knew how to hold his fulang so he would feel more at ease and more comfortable, and his head was filled with something.
But hugging and hugging, he felt that Lu Gu smelled more and more pleasant, as if he was hooked by an uncontrollable thought, which made him dissatisfied and impatient.
Lu Gu was ignorant of human affairs, and no one taught him when he got married .
Shuang'er and girl here paid attention to muxiang (medicinal herb) soup when they got married, and they must wear fragrance on their body, otherwise Du Hehua wouldn't boil water for him to bathe.
As for other things, usually there would be a woman secretly teaching them with a rough picture book, but Du Hehua didn't find a picture book for him, so he didn't understand what he was doing at all.
The head was newly covered, and the night was precious.
The sun above the head pierced the dark clouds, and the mountains and forests washed by the rain became fresh.
Before the coldness faded, Lu Gu was sitting in the yard basking in the sun. He saw a few fallen leaves on the ground that had been beaten by the wind and rain, and there were still water marks. The leaves had turned yellow, which made him suddenly felt the feeling of autumn.
Shen Xuanqing went out with a fish basket and net, saying that he was going to catch fish, shrimps and loaches by the river. Both of them got up late this morning, so he didn't 't go out to hunt, and he didn't see the sun until noon.
Lu Gu was a little drowsy from the sun, and his mind became dazed, and it was at this moment that he realized that he really seemed to become a fulang last night.
He was bought to be Shen Xuanqing's fulang. He didn't expect these things before, but now it had indeed happened. It seemed that this was what a real husband should be like. While he was afraid of shame, he also accepted his fate.
So what if he didn't admit it, he didn't dare to move last night, he bit his lower lip in pain, and didn't say a word, he couldn't change his mind today and say no, besides, he didn't have the courage to tell Shen Xuanqing.
He sat alone for a long time, and when he finally couldn't bear it anymore and wanted to go back to his room to sleep, the dog jumped over the threshold and rushed in from the outside, followed by Shen Xuanqing.
His clothes were wet, but he didn't care, his rolled up sleeves were not put down, revealing his slender and strong forearms, his legs were long and his waist was slender and straight, when he saw Lu Gu at this moment, his face was full of spring smiles than the one on that day. In the sun it was eye-catching.
Because of his drowsiness, Lu Gu raised his head and stared blankly, not avoiding his eyes for the first time, this look made him realize that Shen Xuanqing looked so, so handsome and heroic.
The vague and cold outline became clear in his heart, and he seemed to suddenly realize that Shen Xuanqing looked like this.
"I used a dense net to carry two big fish. If they were trapped in the net, they will not die because there was river water. The edge of the net was under the blue stone. If you want to eat tomorrow or the day after tomorrow, you can go there and get it." Shen Xuanqing walked over a few steps , with long legs and a handsome figure, his posture was still straight, and even a bunt couldn't hide his posture. These few steps could be called high-spirited.
He smiled more than usual, squatted halfway in front of Lu Gu, showed him the fish basket, and said with a smile: "These loaches and miscellaneous fish are for you to make soup, and there are small shrimps. It rained yesterday, the river has risen, and the white-shelled shrimps in the mountain stream have been washed down. I caught a lot and boiled it in the water for you to eat."
The small fish basket was heavy, and it could be seen that a lot had been caught. Seeing himself in his smiling eyes, he realized that he had been staring at him for a long time, and panicked, he quickly lowered his head and pretended to look at the fish basket. After what happened last night, being looked by his husband, Shen Xuanqing was no longer at a loss when facing Lu Gu as before.
He half-squatted and half-kneeled in front of Lu Gu lightly on his left knee, the sun shone on Lu Gu's face, making it looked more radiant.
Lu Gu's cheeks were not fleshy, but they were also soft, he knew it last night.
The breath gradually approached, and the cheek was lightly rubbed by another person's lips. The fear from last night came again, and Lu Gu tightly grasped the fabric on his leg.
After a while, Shen Xuanqing realized his gaffe, reluctantly backed away , and said in a hoarse voice, "I'm going to kill the loach."
"Yeah." Lu Gu nodded with lowered eyebrows, the place where his cheek was rubbed was hot, and he couldn't lift it up at all.
Shen Xuanqing got up and walked a few steps to the kitchen, then turned his head and said: "If you are tired, why don't you sleep for a while, and I will call you when it's time to eat."
Lu Gu answered okay and hid in the room.
As for Shen Xuanqing, who cooked by himself, as long as it was not frying, he could handle it.
At home, he had seen Wei Lanxiang stewed loach. After killing it, cut some ginger and spring onions and put them in a jar, added water and boil it in a small medicine stove. The water was just boiled, Lu Gu steamed some steamed cakes yesterday, just warmed up a few to serve.
Lu Gu couldn't hear the movement outside after lying down for a long time, and fell into a deep sleep. It was not that he was not in good health, he was used to work and weeding grass on weekdays, and he could stand the toss. If he progressed step by step like an ordinary young couple, he wouldn't be so tired.
It was just that Shen Xuanqing was too young, his tanned muscles seemed to have nowhere to exert his strength, and it was the first time that he was careless, he was a little reckless, he didn't want to let go of the taste of meat, and the world was turned upside down.
There was a change in life, and this change stayed, and Lu Gu gradually got used to it every now and then.
With more personal care, there had been some changes inside and outside the house. A few wild flowers were moved by Lugu in front of the courtyard gate. After watering, these few plants survived, and they bloomed big red or yellow flowers. Added some color to the front of the house.
He saw that there were exquisite people in the village who could grow flowers. When he saw beautiful ones in the mountains, he even dug up the roots and brought them back.
The breeze blew in the morning, and the flower branches sway gently
Lu Gu locked the door with the bamboo basket on his back, and after turning around, he went down the mountain with Shen Xuanqing who pulled up the cart. The cart was full of prey, and it was time to sell it.