48 Part 2

The empty cart was easy
after all, there was only a large bag of pastries that Yan Shi went out to buy
in the morning, and a few new snacks in the town in the bamboo basket.
Coming out of the alley, they went to Changxing Street,
and they had to pass by Yang's Tavern when they went back. Shen Xuanqing
stopped at the door after walking for a while, and went in to say goodbye to
Yang Xian.
When Lu Gu and Shen Xuanqing walked to the oil shop on
Changxing Street, smelling the aroma of sesame oil, Shen Xuanqing stopped again
to buy, they came out without a pot, and the bamboo tube was to hold water for
drinking on the road. They bought some clay pots together, and kept some at
home when they went back, and brought some to the mountain.
It wasn’t that they didn't have an oil shop, but since
they passed here and the oil smelled really good, it was better to buy it.
Pedestrians were in a hurry, and they were among them.
Lu Gu followed Shen Xuanqing on the return road, and they
didn’t come back until the setting sun was shining, and it was dusk. As
soon as they came back, Wei Lanxiang made a fuss about serving food for the two
of them, and they must be hungry after walking all this way.
Shen Xuanqing took the clay pots to the kitchen. Wei
Lanxiang, who was serving rice, smelled it and said with a smile, "This
sesame oil is really fragrant. I will steam an egg tomorrow. Let's pour some
sesame oil on it and try it, Okay?" she asked again.
When the Yan Shi was still in Qingxi Village in the
early years, she had a very good relationship with Wei Lanxiang. Later, Shen
Xuanqing became his husband’s apprentice. Even if there were occasional
bickering and anger, it would be fine within two days.
Shen Xuanqing nodded and said yes, and briefly told her
about the people and things he saw in the past. When she heard that Ni’er was
chubby and cute, Wei Lanxiang said nothing, but she also wanted to hug her
grandson and granddaughter in her heart.
The days were getting better now, not to mention the
second child, the eldest daughter-in-law should also have a baby, but this kind
of thing couldn't be rushed even if it was urgent, she could only say something
to the eldest son and the eldest daughter-in-law in private.
His legs were tired from the journey, and Lu Gu was
lying on the bed after washing at night. Speaking of which, he had only been in
the Shen's house for a few months, and he stayed outside for the night last
night.
He looked at the top of the bed curtain and thought
about something on his mind. For a while, he thought of the word "go
home", and for a while it was something else, and it was difficult to fall
asleep in a short time.
The lights in the room hadn't been turned off yet, and
Shen Xuanqing poured the foot washing water outside and came back.
Lu Gu was already lying down, seeing him coming in now,
he sat up with his arms propped up, hesitantly looked at the man beside the bed
who wanted to blow the lamp.
Seeing this, Shen Xuanqing didn't turn off the lights,
and asked: "What's the matter?"
Lu Gu who was worried didn’t dare to look up,
lowered his eyes and asked in a low voice: "Are you going to the mountain
tomorrow?"
"Do you want to go or not?" Shen Xuanqing
asked him patiently.
"The day after tomorrow is my mother's death
day." Lu Gu was a little nervous, but he still said: "I want to go
and see."
Shen Xuanqing paused, and then said: "Then wait
until we go to the grave, and we will go the day after tomorrow. I will take
you with me tomorrow, go buy yellow paper ingots."
Lu Gu looked at him, full of gratitude, and finally
gave a solemn "um" with a nasal voice.
On the day of Lu Gu mother's death, he and Shen Xuanqing went
to the grave on the hillside behind Anjia Village with bamboo baskets carrying
offerings, yellow paper, joss sticks and other things.
When he was thinking about things alone, he thought
about it, now that he had money in his hand, he must burn a lot of paper money
and ingots for his mother, so that his mother could have money to spend underground. He
didn't dare to bother Shen Xuanqing originally, but Shen Xuanqing wanted to
take him to buy it. He bought a lot and brought some offerings.
The grass on the grave was taller, and it was not
autumn yet, and hadn’t dry yet. There was no one in the Lu family to take care
of it, so Lu Gu and Shen Xuanqing pulled the grass on the grave first.
Because it was Lu Gu’s mother, Shen Xuanqing knelt
beside Lu Gu, took a branch and set the fire together, and added paper money
and ingots to it.
"Mom, with so much money, you can buy whatever you
want, don't worry, I dried the goji berries myself, I'll burn some for you, and
you can taste them, and there are also hazelnuts and chestnuts, which I picked
up in the mountains. I ate a lot of them, you eat too."
"Gongguo." Lu Gu turned his head to look at
Shen Xuanqing, choked slightly and said, "Erqing brought you the Gongguo,
you can eat it if you want, it's all yours.”
[
供果
gòng guo: the fruits for sacrificial offering
]
His eyes were moist and he said: "There is also
new rice. This year we have harvested a lot of new rice and steamed it to eat.
It’s very delicious. I ate several bowls, and Erqing bring it for you when we
come."
The offerings were made, and the burnings were
finished. Lu Gu wiped away his tears and was about to kowtow when Shen Xuanqing
spoke.
"Mother, don't worry, I will take good care of Guzi,
let him eat and wear warm."
Lu Gu didn't expect Shen Xuanqing to call his mother,
and he was stunned with tears in his eyes. It was Shen Xuanqing who told him
after speaking. It was time to kowtow, and only then did he come back to his
senses.
After getting up, Lu Gu bent slightly to pat the dirt
on his legs, and couldn't hold back his tears fell straight to the ground, but
he kept silent, Shen Xuanqing only realized it when he saw the teardrops
falling on the ground.
The last time he saw Lu Gu crying was because he
accidentally dropped the egg, but he didn't cry for a long time, and it wasn't
like now, obviously he didn't make a sound, but the tears couldn't stop.
After Lu Gu straightened up, he still lowered his head,
he wanted to slow down, but when he thought of the word “mother” just now, he
still burst into tears.
Shen Xuanqing had never seen such a battle before, the almost
seven-foots-tall man was at a loss, and went to wipe the water on Lu Gu's face
clumsily.