42 Part

Chapter 42
After rectifying and
resting, Wei Lanxiang took the money, and the family locked the door and
happily went to town.
The past few days had been busy in autumn, and there
were still many people who had confiscated the autumn rice. There were many
carts carrying loads along the way. It was very busy. It was all about the
harvest, and the red and tanned faces were full of joy.
In the previous years, Lu Gu was brought by the Lu
family to harvest the autumn rice, he was tired of working hard, but now,
seeing other people's family harvesting so much rice with a smile on his face,
he also felt the joy of a good harvest.
When they arrived at Fenggu Town, there were quite a
lot of people on the street, and they could still see people pushing rice carts.
Not all of the towns people were craftsmen, ordinary people were also farmers,
and they had land outside the town. In fact, it was no different from country
people.
Wei Lanxiang looked at the restaurants and taverns on
the street, and asked Shen Yaoqing: "I said Daqing, where do you think we can
eat?"
Shen Yaoqing thought about it and said: "We had
eaten at Chen Ji Restaurant, why don't we go there? It’s also an old shop
for many years.”
“okay, let’s go there.” Wei Lanxiang hadn’t eaten in a
restaurant in the town in the past few years, so she was a little hesitant just
now, not knowing where to go, and now she also thought of Chen Ji’s sauced beef,
Shen Shunfu took her to eat several times when she was young.
People in the country often ate chicken, duck and pork.
Beef and mutton were expensive, and they were rarely bought. Moreover, the
stewed meat in sauce made by the cooks in the restaurants was really different
from the taste at home.
Chen Ji's restaurant was on the East Street, since it
was decided to go there, there was no need to look around the street, a group
of six turned into the East Street and went straight to Chen Ji.
Xiaoer greeted them at the door, and when he saw them
coming in, he quickly said courteously: "Guests, please."
After sitting down, Shen Yaoqing and Shen Xuanqing asked
Wei Lanxiang to pick up her favorite food. There were so many of them, and
there were two tall men, even if they were all dressed as countrymen, they were
rich if they could come in to eat. Xiaoer poured water for them, and reported
the name of the dishes while pouring water, speaking quickly and smoothly.
Lu Gu had never been in a restaurant before, and knew
nothing about ordering food. He looked at the layout of the restaurant
nervously and curiously. When he heard Xiaoer's words sound like singing, he
couldn't help but listened a little longer, feeling
novel.
After Wei Lanxiang listened, she pondered for a while
and said, "Let’s have duck feet, big elbows, and sauced beef, and two pots
of good wine."
Everything was expensive, and it was not worth it to eat vegetarian dishes.
Only these few big meats were enough. When people in the village asked about it
after returning home, it was decent to say it.
"Okay, sir, wait a moment, let's have a cup of tea
first." Xiaoer threw the towel over his shoulder, and then said the name
of the dishes to the back kitchen. A few more people came in at the door, and
he stepped forward to welcome them in again.
When Wei Lanxiang lived a good life with Shen Shunfu
when she was young, she had seen the world, and she was not afraid of ordering
food, and she was not stingy. Most of the meat and drink must had entered Shen
Xuanqing and Shen Yaoqing's stomach. If you couldn't eat too much, you wouldn’t
 be full.
Even if she was partial to her two sons, they were the
main earners of the family, and she got all the money for going out to
restaurants today from her two sons, so it was understandable to reward her son
and eat some big meat.
"Is there any green plum wine?" Shen Xuanqing
asked when Xiaoer came over with two jars of wine.
"Yes, sir, would you like a jar?" Xiaoer
asked with a smile.
Asked the price of green plum wine, it was three copper
coins more expensive than outside, Shen Xuanqing asked him to bring a jar,
seeing this, Wei Lanxiang didn't say anything, since Shen Xuanqing wanted it,
she couldn't stop it for her son’s face.
The big elbows, sauced beef and the duck feet came up.
It took a while to burn the elbow, and it was delicious when it was hot and
soft.
Meat and wine was here, today was happy, even Lu Gu and
Shen Yan had a small glass of wine, they hold like Shen Yaoqing and Shen
Xuanqing, and toasted Wei Lanxiang a glass.
Wei Lanxiang laughed so hard that she couldn't close
her mouth. After drinking the wine, she hissed softly, and said quickly,
"Eat meat, eat meat, today, let's go back after eating to our heart's content."
The food at Chen Ji Restaurant was more expensive,
but the meat dishes they served were all in large plates. The sauced beef had a
strong fresh flavor, neither hard nor firewood. It tasted meaty and refreshing.
Lu Gu had never eaten beef before. He took a piece of
beef and tasted it. He felt that there was no more delicious meat anymore. He
stuffed the remaining half of the meat into his mouth and chewed the meat. His
eyes widened a little, as if surprised. Shen Xuanqing, who looked sideways at him,
couldn't help but chuckled, and took another piece of beef for him and handed
it with the chopsticks.
Lu Gu hadn't finished chewing, his cheeks bulged
slightly and he couldn't speak. He glanced at Shen Xuanqing and found a smile
on Shen Xuanqing's face, so he carefully clamped the piece of beef.
Shen Yaoqing ate and drank, and when he was happy, he
said to them: "I heard people say that eating beef in winter warms the
stomach. I will buy a big piece of beef and take it home. Let's eat it."
" Look at you, you are
so beautiful, you can eat a big piece and don't cut it up." Ji Qiuyue gave
him a sideways glance, even though she said so, the smile on her face didn’t
diminish.
People lived for the sake of getting better and better,
so even just talking about it was enough to make people happy.
The smell of the good wine was clear, and it smelled
different. The duck feet was a little bit salty with the aroma of wine, which
was salty and fragrant.
The hot big elbow was also brought, and a large plate
was placed in the middle of the table.
"Bring a bowl or a plate." Shen Xuanqing said
to Xiaoer, the meat of the elbow was soft and rotten, not to mention the lean
meat, the fat one was not easy to pick up, it would be a pity if it fell off,
and the meat was hot while holding it with his hand, took the bowl and no need
to worry it would fall when you ate it.
The Xiaoer was quick with his hands and feet, and
quickly brought them bowls, one for each of them.
Everyone's chopsticks went towards the elbows. Lu Gu
was a step slower than others, and he didn't dare to be the first. Besides,
with five pairs of chopsticks, he was also afraid that he would stretch it out and
blocked the others. Before the big elbows reached his mouth, he could smell it.
Such a strong meat aroma, even after eating beef and duck feet, could still
make people greedy.
After everyone else had pinched it, Lu Gu was about to
stretch out his chopsticks, but Shen Xuanqing, whose arms were much longer than
his, put a piece of fat and big elbow meat into his bowl.