78 Part

Chapter 78
The
snowflakes rustled and fell all night.
Lu Gu used to be most afraid of winter, but it seemed
that there was no need to panic this winter. Maybe eating meat and
drinking soup made people felt warm all over, and the stomach was full and
warm, which was the best against the cold. Even after sleeping, you didn't feel
too cold when you woke up the next day.
Heavy snow covered the ground, and there was a thick
layer of snow on the trees and eaves.
In the morning, the snow was getting lighter. Shen
Xuanqing got up early and took a shovel to shovel the snow in the yard. Soon
Shen Yaoqing also came out to help.
When Lu Gu came out of the room, the puppy who was
sleeping with the bone in his arms opened his eyes and saw him, opened his
mouth and yawned, then got up and went out with him.
Because the puppy was bigger than before, and he didn't
sleep very well when he squeezed in a sack with Dahui, and he rolled down from
the sack several times, so Lu Gu used dry straw to make another sack.
The snow at the door of the kitchen was shoveled clean,
so Lu Gu went in to boil water without stepping on the snow.
It was windy and snowy yesterday, and the puppy stayed
in the main room all the time. It was too cold to come out. Today, when the
wind stopped and the snow was light, he was having fun in the courtyard. The
dog’s paws were all over the ground. He went crazy while playing by himself.
Running around, slipping under the legs, he couldn’t stop at all.
he had grown fat, and it was winter again, the thick
fur on his body made him appeared fleshy. His fur trembled when he ran, and his
ears were constantly shaking. he was young and it was the first time he
experienced snow, and he didn't need to mention how happy he was.
The three big dogs were much more stable than him,
Dabai even stood at the door of the main room to take a look outside, then lay
back on the sack and refused to come out.
Shen Xuanqing was shoveling snow in the front yard, and
when he turned around, he saw the puppy digging in the snowdrift, the snow
flakes splashed, and it looked as if he was going to dig a hole in the
snowdrift, and within a short while, even his head was about to be stuffed in.
He came back with a shovel, shoveled the snow and
quickly threw it on the puppy, trying to bury him in the snowdrift, but the puppy
was startled by an enemy from behind, and when he turned around, he barked and
shook excitedly. After the snow fell, he straightened his front paws and lay down,
apparently out of playfulness. When Shen Xuanqing shoveled the snow on him
again, he turned around and ran away. Seeing that the snow didn’t fall from his
body, he turned his head and barked at Shen Xuanqing twice.
Lu Gu was sitting in front of the stove boiling water,
and when he heard the movement outside, he looked towards the opened kitchen
door, only to see the afterimage of the puppy running past, he was still dazed
when he just woke up, thinking that Guaizi had gone crazy early in the morning.
Poking chickens and teasing dogs had always been the
favourites of a lazy man who was idle. Shen Xuanqing played with the dog for a
while and turned around with a smile, wanting to continue shoveling the snow.
Seeing him turned around, the puppy followed him
stealthily, he walked carefully wanted to scare people, and when he was close
to him, he suddenly pounced on Shen Xuanqing's heels.
Unexpectedly, Shen Xuanqing turned around suddenly, and
moved quickly, he shoveled the snow and threw it at the puppy. The puppy was so
frightened that he quickly stopped his attack, and when he was hit by the snow,
he let out a scream, which made Lu Gu wake up and come out to see what was
wrong with him.
"It's okay, I just play around with him." His
fulang looked at him, Shen Xuanqing scratched his head in embarrassment,
feeling that he was indeed too childish.
Seeing that the puppy was fine, only a little snow was
on his body, Shen Xuanqing slowly retracted the shovel in his hand, Lu Gu
roughly understood what was going on, smiled lightly and didn't take it to heart.
He went to the low house and took a white cabbage, peeled off a layer of wilted
vegetable leaves, chopped it and mixed it with wheat bran and chaff and went to
feed the rabbits.
The pair of wild rabbits gave birth to six cubs. In
winter, the rabbit cage was placed in the woodshed, and the thick nest was
padded with hay and straw.
The white cabbages were stockpiled at home for people
to eat during the winter. There were plenty of them, but after winter, there
were few more rabbits. He peeled off and chopped one or two leaves of white
cabbage for them to eat.
There were too many chickens and ducks.
They ate rice bran, wheat bran and hay, but Lu Gu occasionally mixed their food
with some chopped vegetable leaves.
It was cold in winter, and the cubs were easy to die
without a fire to keep warm, so the male and female rabbits were separated.
Seeing that Lu Gu was peeling cabbage, they gnawed
bones and ate meat yesterday, and today he would like to eat something light,
Shen Xuanqing said: "I'll go and buy some tofu, and stew it with tofu at
noon."
"Yes." Lu Gu nodded, he thought for a while
and said: "There is still bone broth, do you want me to cut the radish and
cook it with bone broth?"
Yesterday, the six of them gnawed all those
bones, and they were very full from eating meat. When cleaning up the kitchen,
Lu Gu was not willing to throw the broth from the bone away, but the broth was
not easy to put away, so they needed to eat it as soon as possible.
Even if you had some money, Shen Xuanqing was not prone
to squander. Besides, big bone broth was a good thing. He said: "Add some
goji berries, why don't you soak some dried mushrooms and cook it with radish
and goji berry in bone broth, so you don't have to cook rice porridge at noon,
just drink this."