62 Part

Chapter 62
After
collecting a total of 800 copper coins, Lu Gu was so happy that he didn't know
what to say, his eyes were crooked, he was a little shy, but he couldn't stop
himself from looking at Shen Xuanqing.
Shen Xuanqing was also laughing, and the two just sat
opposite each other for a while.
"I, I'm going to get the twine." Lu Gu
lowered his head in embarrassment, seeing so many copper coins on the table, he
thought he should string them together, otherwise they would be too scattered,
so he got up to search for the twine.
Shen Xuanqing was only looking at Lu Gu just now, and
only now began to count the money.
In the purse, there were five taels of broken silver
and more than three hundred copper coins, as well as the untouched twenty-eight
taels silver from the dwarf deer, and the ten taels of silver he saved before.
If you paid someone to monitor people, you didn't need to take care of Lu Wen
and Li Mingshan's affairs.
He spent more than two taels today, and only a dozen
copper coins were left on him. These scattered copper coins were enough for
daily expenses.
Compared with thirty-eight taels, the eleven taels may
not seem like much money, but to these country folks, it could be regarded as a
lot of money.
Lu Gu came over with a ball of twine, his 800 copper
coins was not enough to exchange with silver, so he had to string a hundred of
them, leaving a piece of twine at the end to tie a knot.
He earned a small amount of money, not as good as Shen
Xuanqing, but in the village, it would be a big deal for any fulang to have a
few hundred coins, not to mention that he still had nineteen taels silver, and
people may not believe it when he told them.
The reason why Lu Gu was able to save the money like
this was because Shen Xuanqing treated him well and didn't take his money away,
and he didn't let him pay for the things outside.
Shen Xuanqing also helped him string the money, the
eight hundred copper coins were stringed together, each small coin was heavy,
the mouth of the money bag was open, there was a five taels of silver in it,
his nineteen taels of silver were also there, Lu Gu looked at it, the more he
saw the happier he was, the more reluctant he put the copper coins into the money
bag.
Shen Xuanqing didn't count his copper coins just now,
so he just poured them out from the big money bag, and also took a string of
twine. He would go to Fucheng to sell fox fur in the next two days.
"I'll help you." Lu Gu tightened the mouth of
the big money bag, and when he saw him stringing money, he pulled a length of
twine to help.
A total of three hundred and forty-six copper coins, they
strung three hundred small copper coins with twine, and put forty-six copper
coins the purse. Fucheng was far away, so he would definitely had to eat there.
There was no need to untie the string of money if he had these forty six copper
coins.
He pushed the remaining 20 copper coins to Lu Gu, and
said with a smile: "Your money is whole money (all of his copper coins
were strung), keep it, if you want to exchange it for silver, you can go to the
town to change it, and these 20 copper coins are for you to take, just in case
you want to buy something."
Lu Gu was quite embarrassed, he smiled shyly, and
carefully put the twenty copper coins into a small purse, so that he could
carry it close to his body when he went out without fear of losing it.
In fact, he only bought some needlework and silk at
most. Usually, whether at home or on the mountain, he seldom carried money on
his body, but these twenty copper coins were different. If you had money, you
wouldn’t be afraid of embarrassment if you couldn’t afford it.
After hiding the two big money bags at the bottom of
the box, the thin quilt and clothes were pressed on the top so they couldn't be
seen, and then locked the box, Lu Gu was completely at ease.
In the early morning of  the next day, Shen
Xuanqing picked up the bamboo basket and went out after eating breakfast.
Before going to Fucheng, he had to go to the old hunter to ask about the price
of fox fur in Fucheng, and if there was anyone who could accept it, So he could
come back tonight.
Lu Gu sent him out, and Dahui without the leash
subconsciously wanted to follow him.
"Don't follow, go watch the house." Shen
Xuanqing said something to Dahui, and Lu Gu also called him from behind, and
Dahui stopped.
After Shen Xuanqing walked away, Lu Gu returned to the
yard.
Shen Yan picked a few duck eggs that had been laid at
night from the backyard, he asked, "Brother Guzi, brother Erqing is gone?
"Go." Lu Gu replied, seeing the duck eggs, he
couldn't help but think of the chickens and ducks in the mountain, so he was a
little fond of the chickens and ducks in the house, and asked her with concern:
"Have you chopped the chicken grass?"
"No,
Brother Daqing is cleaning the backyard. I'll put the eggs away and chop
them." Shen Yan said as she walked towards the kitchen
When going down the mountain, there was a lot of grass
and chaff for the chickens and ducks, which was enough for them to eat for a
few days. Lu Gu was used to stay in the mountain. Every time Shen Xuanqing went
hunting, he was busy by himself, and he couldn’t take it easy now. Seeing that
there were not many firewood, he took a bench and sat in the courtyard to chop firewood.
Sitting down and chopping wood would inevitably spread
the legs to make room in front of the body, and the legs were widely spread on
both sides. The dog cuddled over and lay down next to his left leg.
Wei Lanxiang came out with a sewing basket. Seeing how
hardworking he was, she couldn't hide the smile on her face. She sat under the
eaves and chatted with Lu Gu while picking up the soles of the shoes. After a
while, there was a lot of food for the winter at home, qiuchai and pickled some
white cabbage, they didn't grow much white cabbage this year, just the two rows
in the front yard vegetable field, after a while they could buy some from other
houses and stock up, it would be enough for winter.