106

Da Chen spat on the ground and scolded: "You Huang Da, you haven't changed your habit of stealing chickens and dogs. Tell me! Did you steal my chickens?"
Huang Da became anxious when he heard this. He didn't steal a chicken today. He wanted to curse but didn't dare. He swallowed it back and said, "When did I steal your chicken?"
"You still dare to quibble? Dongzi saw you wandering around my house early in the morning. Who else could it be but you?" Da Chen said with a sigh, "Last summer, you stole some loofahs from my house and ran away. Many people saw you at that time."
As soon as these words came out, other people in the village whose vegetables or melons had also been stolen by Huang Da glared at him angrily. Even the bold and aggressive fulang put his hands on his hips and shouted at Huang Da: "That's right! He also stole my melons (吊瓜) and eggplants."
"You also snatched the fish that my Dong ge'er caught." He Zhi followed and caught up with him. Not only did he bring up the "old grudge", but he also had resentment in his heart.
Huang Da was idle and lazy. He stole food and drink when he had no ability to make money. He couldn't get a wife, so he loved to take advantage of other people's fulangs and wives. He was wretched and vulgar. He even started to have evil thoughts after seeing Li Wanyun become a widow.
With such a behavior, naturally no one would help him at this moment, especially the young wives and fulangs who had been verbally taken advantage of by him and even had their hands forcibly touched but didn't dare to speak. Seeing him surrounded by several men, they were looking forward to see him get a good beating. It would be best if he ran away from their village, so that they wouldn't encounter such a dirty scoundrel in the future.
Lu Gu, who was going home, stopped when he saw Shen Xuanqing and others were surrounding Huang Da, but he didn't dare to come any closer, and only dared to stand far away and take a look.
Four years ago, Huang Da was caught on the spot for stealing chickens and was beaten. Since then, he had been hanging out a lot and rarely returned to the village. He was the only one left in his family and no one cared about him. His mother died long ago because of him. He was idle, imitating the dog and stealing chicken, therefore his face-saving father was also pissed off by him.
[偷鸡摸狗	tōu jī mō gǒu: to imitate the dog and steal chicken (idiom); fig. to dally with women; to have affairs]
The people in the village kept talking to each other, exposing the bad things he had done. The more they talked, the more angry they became, and they really wanted to beat him to death.
Huang Da felt bad, but the others didn't care. Actually he was quite afraid of Shen Xuanqing. He was tall and had learned martial arts. He would also fight and tear apart with people outside the village. He thought that if Shen Xuanqing really took action, he would probably suffer.
He thought that he had never stolen from the second branch of the Shen family, so he should have no grudges against him, but Shen Xuanqing followed Da Chen and framed him for stealing chickens. In the gap between the crowd, he caught a glimpse of Lu Gu standing not far away, and his mind suddenly felt a sense of danger. For some reason, he felt that Shen Xuanqing was going to harm him today.
After realizing who Huang Da was looking at, Shen Xuanqing narrowed his eyes. While Huang Da was wailing, he and Da Chen beat him severely.
"Ouch."
Several women and fulangs who were nearby quickly hid in the courtyard for fear of being affected.
Huang Da's face was covered in blood after being beaten, and two of his teeth were knocked out. Tears and snot ran all over his face, and broken teeth and blood came out of his mouth.
His previous fights only resulted in a bruised nose and a swollen face. How could he be so painful and vomiting blood? He was indeed scared, but he was also a little dissatisfied. He suddenly saw Shen Xuanqing's cold face, and felt that he really made a mistake. He thought since he was beaten, then he could make Lu Gu have bad reputation, let Shen Xuanqing have no face to meet people in the future!
"Bah! Isn't it Lu Gu..." Huang Da was really like that mangy dog. When he got up he didn't hold back his mouth at all, and he would say whatever came to mind, no matter how dirty or smelly the words were.
However, when Shen Xuanqing heard Lu Gu's name, his face turned as dark as bottom of pot, and he punched Huang Da in the face without even waiting for his next words.
The voice stopped suddenly, Huang Da fell to the ground, dust splashed up. Shen Xuanqing's eyes were red and bloodshot, he entered a house and looked for stick everywhere.
Lin Zhongcai was afraid of trouble resulting someone's death, he didn't dare to let Shen Xuanqing act recklessly, so he quickly advised him to think twice.
"Erqing! Second boy!" Wei Lanxiang saw that he really came out with a stick and no one could stop him. She was so angry that she was crying. She had never seen such a stubborn person! He really had a bad temper, what should she do if someone was killed?
But she couldn't stop him, even Da Chen and Wang Dongzi tried to stop Shen Xuanqing, but they couldn't stop him. Wei Lanxiang grabbed his left arm, and Shen Xuanqing held the stick in his right hand so tightly that He Zhi couldn't break it open.
"Guzi, hurry up! Grab the stick in his hand!" Seeing Lu Gu running over, crying nearby and not daring to approach. In desperation, she ran out of ideas and had to call Lu Gu to come over and help He Zhi.
Lu Gu had never seen this kind of situation before, but he still listened to Wei Lanxiang's words and came over to pull the stick in Shen Xuanqing's hand.
If it was someone else, Shen Xuanqing would pull the stick back without even thinking, but when he saw it was Lu Gu, his grip gradually relaxed.
Lu Gu held the stick he had snatched and noticed there was  blood on Shen Xuanqing's hand, he thought he had been injured. The tears that were about to stop surged again. He felt so aggrieved but he pursed his lips to hold back the sobs and let the tears fell silently.
"You said you, ugh!" Seeing that he calmed down and the stick was taken away, Wei Lanxiang wiped away her angry tears and hit Shen Xuanqing's arm.
"Ahem." Huang Da, who had fainted, woke up and coughed up a few mouthfuls of blood. Seeing that there was no one around him, he endured the pain all over his body, he got up and wanted to run away. Unexpectedly, Shen Xuanqing, who had just relaxed, saw it and directly grabbed the stick in Lu Gu's hand, chased after him and broke one of Huang Da's legs.
His movements were too fast. Not to mention Da Chen and the others, even Lu Gu didn't react. In the blink of an eye, the stick was gone from his hand, and the tears that were falling were stopped.
The stick was thrown to the ground with a bang. Shen Xuanqing never thought about killing Huang Da. Before, he just wanted to beat him up to vent his anger. However Huang Da's mouth didn't have virtue, and he actually wanted to drag Lu Gu with him.