110 24

As they kissed, they became in the mood go further. Shen Xuanqing took out a porcelain bottle from under the pillow and without even turning on the light, he poured out some ointment.
At home, because there were so many people around, they rarely had sex, let alone used this. In the past three days, considering the long and difficult mountain road and how tiring it was to walk, they stayed quiet at night, at most kissing and touching for a while.
The last time they did it was more than twenty days ago, so Shen Xuanqing naturally hadn't used this ointment for a long time.
After being married for nearly half a year, Lu Gu had gradually become familiar with this kind of intimacy. He tried to control his voice, but couldn't help but pant when his passion reached its peak. The joy revealed in his panting made Shen Xuanqing, who was biting his shoulder, stop. Then the world spun around and the situation became different.
The forest was quiet late at night. The puppy was awakened by the intermittent crying coming from the room. He barked once, but was unaware of the danger. The noises in the room gradually became blurred, and he lay down and fell asleep again.
Shen Xuanqing originally wanted to satisfy his craving, there were only the two of them here, he didn't have to worry about being heard, so he just enjoyed it.
At home, Lu Gu had to cover his mouth before he dared to do it, but there was no need to do that here. Since he had seen the qiankun pictures, he had learned a lot and put them into practice one by one. After realizing that Lu Gu was also enjoying the pleasure, even though he made Lu Gu cry, he felt that it was a happy cry and there was no need to hide it anymore. As for himself, he felt even happier.
[乾坤
qián kūn: Heaven and earth; Yin and Yang]
The next morning, the gate was still closed, but the dogs in the main room were let out and were playing happily in the yard.
After feeding the dogs, Shen Xuanqing had no intention of going out hunting, so he went into the room and sat on the bed.
Lu Gu didn't sleep well. He opened his eyes and saw it was him, then closed his eyes and fell asleep again. He was so sleepy that he didn't want to say a word. His whole body felt like it was falling apart and he felt uncomfortable everywhere.
Seeing that Lu Gu still wanted to sleep, Shen Xuanqing lifted the quilt a little and secretly looked at the marks on Lu Gu's body. It would be fine if he didn't look, but when he did, his face turned red immediately.
At night he couldn't see the marks caused by his grip and bites, if he didn't know that he wasn't hurt, he would have thought that Lu Gu had been abused.
He quickly tucked in the quilt and took Lu Gu into his arms. His face flushed as he thought to himself that he should restrain his strength in the future. If he couldn't dabble and stop, he could just taste a little to satisfy his craving. This way, Lu Gu wouldn't get tired and maybe he could satisfy his craving every day, which would not be bad.
[浅尝辄止
qiǎn cháng zhé zhǐ: lit. to dabble and stop (idiom); to dip into; to attempt half-heartedly; content with a smattering of knowledge
Lu Gu, who was in a deep sleep, had no idea what he was thinking. Otherwise, if he woke up now, after what he had suffered last night, he would have shaken his head and cried in refusal. How could he spend the whole day thinking about this matter alone and not doing anything else?
"Woof."
The tied-up Dabai rested for a night and recovered a little. Seeing the puppy playing in the yard, he lay on the sack and barked twice.
Over the next few days, apart from Dabai's injury, nothing else happened to the two men and four dogs, and they lived a peaceful hunting life as usual.