83 Part 27

Three days was not long, and soon it would be time to
lift and bury the dead in the soil.
The snow had melted, and it was flowing from the eaves
like rain. The snow in the yard and the road outside was also melting, and the
ground was muddy.
There was a lot of crying and shouting outside, it was
a mess, Lu Gu sat in the room with Ji Qiuyue and didn't go out, even the door
was closed.
They here paid particular attention to eat lunch before
lifting the coffin, and those men who were full of food would have strength, so
today Shen Xuanqing and Shen Yaoqing ate at Zhang’s house. The meal was a vegetarian
feast, there were not many dishes in winter, and the more expensive one on the
table was tofu. The others were nothing but cabbage, radish, and a wild
vegetable, a total of four bowls.
"Sister-in-law, it's done, now you can use it."
Lu Gu handed over the embroidered tiger pattern purse.
Lion and tiger could ward off evil spirits. Wei
Lanxiang felt that the red belt was not enough, so she asked him to sew a purse
with a tiger pattern on it. She went to the temple yesterday to ask for an
amulet, and she hung it around Ji Qiuyue's neck as soon as she came back.
"It's so beautiful." Ji Qiuyue took it. It
happened that her purse was old. It was made of rags and had no embroidery. Now
that she had a new purse, her face was full of joy.
They were talking in the room, and after a while, they
heard Shen Xuanqing and Shen Yaoqing coming back. Unlike the death of the
elderly, there was no need to wail, blow wind instruments and hit the drums in
the grave today, just bury it.
[
哭
丧
kū
sāng: formal wailing while offering sacrifice to the departed]
Wei Lanxiang prepared the brazier early in the morning,
and when they saw the two of them came back, she hurriedly brought the brazier
to the gate of the courtyard, so that they could only come in after they
stepped over it.
Their family had a pregnan woman, which was different
from other families. People in the village knew what was going on when they
passed by, and they didn't know how they would chew their tongues.
After the two of them finished stepping over the
brazier, Wei Lanxiang asked her two sons to wash their hands well, and gave
each of them a new red belt to change into. Only after changing their belt they
could see Ji Qiuyue.
In the past few days, Shen Yaoqing didn't sleep with Ji
Qiuyue at night because he was digging a new grave, so he set up a wooden bed
for himself in the main room for a few nights.
Everyone in the village came back, and Zhang's
relatives were no exception.
After putting in order her two sons, Wei Lanxiang went
to Quan Zi's house. Not long after, there was a noise from the next door, and when
she heard the sound, her heart both raised and fell. Sure enough, as she
thought, these people had no good intentions.
Fortunately, Lin Zhongcai was at Zhang's house, with
him, even people from other villages had to give him some face, and didn’t dare
to loot Zhang's house at will. But even if he was here, Zhang Zhengzi had
no heirs, and there was nothing he could  do if the relatives of the Zhang family came
to divide the family property, this kind of thing was the way of the world.
In the past few days, Lao Zhang cried so much that she
passed out several times. Her only son was gone, and her heart was dug out. In
addition, her right leg was broken, and she became much older in just a few
days.
At this moment, Li Wanyun was surrounded by many
people, who said they wanted to discuss with her how to divide the property and
land. She, a weak woman, had never seen such a battle before.
There was a lot of noise in the yard, and everything
was forced to reach this point. The Li family scolded the relatives of the
Zhang family for not being human, they still bullied widows, and Lao Zhang's
natal family also came.
As soon as they talked about it, the relatives of the
Zhang family took the issue of having no heir, and the two parties scolded
while talking, and some people said that if the family property was not
divided, Li Wanyun had to adopt one of Zhang Zhengzi's nephew, so as not to let
the Zhang family's property fall into the hands of outsiders like her Li
family, Otherwise, it would be said that Li family stole the other family’s property,
and his Li family would not even think about being human anymore.
When it was the time to bury Zhang Zhengzi, Lao Zhang
passed out and was carried into the room and fell asleep. After the burial, no
one thought of her, and she only woke up when she heard the noise.
Although her leg was broken and her expression was
sluggish, but when she heard that those people disregarded her life and wanted
to divide her property and fields, anger ignited in her heart, well, everyone treated
her old woman as a dead person, and she immediately yelled and scolded in the
room.
Lin Zhongcai got a headache from this group of people
quarreling, and when he heard Lao Zhang who was yelling and scolding in the
room, he quickly got her carried out.
Lao Zhang's son was gone, and relatives who hadn't seen
each other for many years threatened her. She was in great pain and cried, and she
didn't forgive anyone.