76 Part

Chapter 76
Lu
Gu then thought again, Shen Xuanqing was usually cautious and prudent, with so
many people at home in broad daylight, he wouldn’t buy things indiscriminately.
Looking at the written words again, there were also
three words, which he didn't recognize, but trying to recall, these three words
seemed to be different from those three words.
At this time, Shen Xuanqing took out the book with youzhong
ladle (
有种
马勺
), and said with a
smile: "From now on, when the pot is occupied, just use this one for cooking."
"Second brother, why do you still have a
book?" Shen Yan came over to look at youzhong ladle and asked curiously.
"This is the three-Character Classic. Your brother
Guzi said he wants to learn how to recognize characters." After hearing
Shen Xuanqing's words, Lu Gu was completely relieved. After putting away the
unknown fear, he picked up the book and opened it carefully.
A thin book was a weight that Lu Gu had never touched.
In the past, Shen Xuanqing had some books at home when
he was studying, but after some accidents happened, they were all sold.
Standing by the side, Shen Yan saw Lu Gu opened the
book and came over to look at it, her eyes paused slightly on the page,
remembering that her father had inquired about the academy in the town before
he left, and wanted to send her to study and learn a few words, she was nine
years old, and it was the time when she should study the basic book.
Shen Xuanqing and Shen Yaoqing studied in a private
school in a neighboring village. Shen Yan couldn't go there because she was a
girl. There was a private school for Shuang'er and a girl in Fenggu Town, and
the teacher was a very knowledgeable and courageous female teacher.
"I
also bought brushes, inks, papers and inkstones. Anyway, it's for teaching, so
you can come to learn too. You won't suffer a lot if you recognize a few
words." Shen Xuanqing said to Shen Yan, handed youzhong ladle to Wei
Lanxiang who came to see it, and took out the four treasures of the study from
the bamboo basket.
Ink
and inkstone were a bit more expensive, but one inkstone was enough. He bought
a lot of paper, he must buy more if he wanted to write and practice
calligraphy. He bought four brushes, except Lu Gu and Shen Yan, he could write a
few words when he had nothing to do in winter, and the remaining one was
reserved as a spare.
Lu Gu had a thin brush that looked like the one for drawing
for needlework, but he had never used paper and brush for writing. The boys who
were sent to private schools in the countryside used paper and brush in school,
but they often wrote on the ground with tree branches when they returned home.
As a beginner, he wanted to use the Four Treasures of
the Study, but he felt a little uneasy, fearing that his writing would ruin the
paper and ink, so he whispered, "I'd better take a branch and write on the
ground first."
"No, if you want to learn to write, just write on
the paper, don’t worry, I can afford it.” Shen Xuanqing said, writing with a
branch on the ground was different from writing with brush and paper, and now
the money in hand was enough, so there was no need to be frugal about it, and the
paper he bought was not too expensive.
Studying
was something Lu Gu didn't understand, and he didn't have much opinion, so
naturally he listened to Shen Xuanqing in everything.
While they were talking, Ji Qiuyue and Shen Yaoqing
came out from the backyard, and they saw youzhong ladle that Wei Lanxiang held
in her hand at a glance. Ji Qiuyue said happily, "Mother, is this youzhong
ladle?
" Erqing bought it back, so let’s use it today.”
Wei Lanxiang looked at youzhong ladle over and over again, so happy that the
creases in the corners of her eyes piled up, she said: “It’s time to cook, I’m
going to cut the vegetables, Daqing, go and bring the medicine stove here and
put it at the door of the kitchen for me."
She was overjoyed and refused to let others to cook,
and wanted to try it herself.
"Is this youzhong ladle expensive?" Ji Qiuyue
saw the book and the Four Treasures of the Study here, and walked over while
talking.
Salt and iron were expensive things, Shen Xuanqing
smiled and said: "It's okay, it's cheaper than a big pot, and it's good to
buy one for cooking at home."
He didn't say the specific price, and Ji Qiuyue didn't
ask, and she was curious and asked why he also bought paper and brushes, as
well as ink and inkstone, so complete.
"Second brother wants to teach brother Guzi how to
read, and I will follow suit." Shen Yan replied bluntly.
"I'll just say it." Ji Qiuyue smiled.
At this time, Shen Yaoqing moved the medicine stove
from under the eaves to the kitchen door, and said, "Why don't you follow
suit, I don't have enough brush and papers, I'll buy some."
Hearing this, Ji Qiuyue quickly waved her hands and said,
"I still can't do it. I’m stupid, it’s good as long as I can write my own
name, let them study hard, and I have time to make clothes in winter."
Shen Xuanqing originally wanted to say that brushes and
paper were enough, but hearing her say that, he couldn't help it. It was not
easy to force someone, and beside, she was pregnant, so he didn’t dare to let
her get tired.
After looking the things he bought, he saw that Wei
Lanxiang was washing the vegetables, and Lu Gu was not idle. He went into the
kitchen to wash the rice and lit the fire.
When Wei Lanxiang was cooking with a youzhong ladle,
the whole family gathered around and looked at it. They were all iron pots, but
youzhong ladle was more delicate and compact than the pot.
After eating, youzhong ladle was laid out to dry in the
yard, and there was nothing else to do, Shen Xuanqing moved the table out of
the room, the sun was bright and warm outside, it was better to study outside
than inside the room, Shen Xuanqing, Shen Yan and Lu Gu sat down in the
courtyard, the book was spread out in front of Lu Gu and Shen Yan, and they
read them together.
Shen Xuanqing knew how to recite the Three Character
Classic, so he didn't need to read the book, so he led the two of them to
recite it line by line, and he rubbed the ink while reading.
The characters in the three-character classic were
recited so eloquently that even Ji Qiuyue, who was doing needlework in the
room, came out to listen carefully, and moved a chair to sit under the eaves.
After Shen Xuanqing read "Ming Ju Yang", Lu
Gu and Shen Yan went back and read it from the beginning, and only after two
times did they recognize it word by word.
Lu Gu looked at the first character "
人
" in the book, and thought to himself that
this character was a person.