Chapter 117
Leveling the land was a laborious task, but it would be their family's future source of income, so Shen Xuanqing and Lu Gu were ecstatic. Instead of going up the mountain, they stayed home and worked together.
The ground was overgrown with wild weeds. Lu Gu, Wei Lanxiang, and Shen Yan arrived with sickles and hoes and began cutting and pulling out the weeds. They also had to dig out the roots to ensure the weeds were completely eradicated.
The wild grasses in this area had tough stems and old leaves, making them unpalatable for the rabbits, chickens, and ducks at home. So there was no need to carry the pulled weeds back home. They could simply be discarded in a distant field, where they would wither and dry in the sun within a few days. Exposure to wind and rain would eventually cause the grass clippings to rot and disintegrate, returning to the earth.
The three of them worked diligently, weeding and cleaning the land bit by bit. Meanwhile, on the other side, Shen Xuanqing, Shen Yaoqing, Shen Shunwang and Shen Yuping, were summoned to help demolish the old thatched huts. With axes and sledgehammers in hand, they tore down the four dilapidated thatched huts.
Building a house was a big deal in the countryside. Since the fields hadn't been busy lately, they decided to take on the task themselves, saving a few days' worth of labor wages in the process.
Shen Shunwang felt a sense of responsibility towards his younger brothers, who had lost their father. As the elder brother, he believed it was his duty to lend a helping hand.
A large cloud floated across the sky, blocking the scorching sun, making people feel a little cooler and able to catch their breath. Shen Xuanqing's head and face were drenched in sweat. Having just been sweating profusely, he took off his shirt and exposed his upper body, sweat even dripping down his back and chest, highlighting his tight and strong bronze muscles.
The four men, along with Lu Gu and the others, joined forces to push against the mud wall of the old thatched hut. The shabby thatched hut was well-maintained in its time, its mud wall was tough, but couldn't withstand their combined strength.
The mud wall collapsed with a loud bang, sending years of accumulated dust flying everywhere. The yellow ash enveloped everyone, causing them to choke and cough.
"Don't stay here, rest when you're far away." Shen Xuanqing said.
This broken thatched hut had been in disrepair for a long time. Both the beams and supporting wood had rotted to varying degrees. It would be a disaster if it collapsed. The others also understood this and moved away from this place, sitting on a beam that had been removed earlier to rest.
A gentle breeze brought a hint of coolness. Shen Xuanqing tilted his head back and drank the water in gulps. He wiped his mouth casually and felt his thirst quenched.
"Wipe it." Lu Gu took out a handkerchief and handed it to him.
The muscular man, with his upper body bare, smiled as he took the handkerchief and wiped the sweat off his face. The faint fragrance of wild soapberries wafted through the air, and one could tell from the smell that the handkerchief was clean. He soon paused, realizing that his face was covered in sweat and had soiled Lu Gu's handkerchief, so he stopped with an embarrassed expression.
"Why don't you finish wiping?" Lu Gu asked, feeling puzzled.
"Let me find mine. My face is covered in sweat and dust. It's so dirty." Shen Xuanqing said as he reached out for his shirt next to him to find his own handkerchief.
Lu Gu's confusion deepened, he asked, "If it's dirty, can't we just wash it and it will be clean?"
Seeing him take out another handkerchief, Lu Gu thought for a moment and said, "That's fine, two are enough for you to wipe your body and face."
Originally Shen Xuanqing wanted to return the handkerchief to Lu Gu, but when he saw that it was wet and dusty, he gave up on the idea. Hearing that Lu Gu didn't dislike him at all, his eyes sparkled with a smile.
The others were drinking water and taking a rest. Lu Gu also smiled and said in a low voice, "Wipe yourself clean and put on your shirt."
When men were hot from working, they often took off their shirts and continued to work with bare upper body. Country people were used to it. But now they were working outside, although the others were all family members, there was a chance someone might pass by. If an unmarried girl or shuang'er saw them, they might get startled.
Shen Xuanqing smiled even more. He wiped his body quickly, picked up the sleeveless shirt and put it on. At least it could cover his torso, as for the exposed arms, it wasn't a big deal.
"Brother Daqing, I won't be able to make it the day after tomorrow. I need to go to Chenjia village." Shen Yuping said, and his eyes lit up when he mentioned Chenjia village.
"Working for your future wife's family?" Shen Yaoqing teased him.
Shen Yuping scratched his head and smiled foolishly, then nodded and said, "Yes, her family wants to turn over a vegetable plot, so they asked me to help."
When country people went on blind dates, apart from other things, they must ensure that the man was hardworking and able to work. It was common for the prospective son-in-law to help his future father-in-law with household chores before marriage. As long as the man proved diligent and willing to work, people would consider him as a good husband.
Shen Yuping's wedding date had been set for two months later. It would be an auspicious day after the wheat harvest. When the harvest was good, the family would have new wheat and new flour, which would make them look prosperous and happy. The girl from the Chen family wouldn't go hungry after marrying into the Shen family.