108 21

The more wild green onions he pulled, the more he got, and finally there was a big pile. Lu Gu found some thin grass stems like long ropes, twisted three of them together to make a grass rope, which was stronger. He then divided the wild green onions into three large bundles, tied them up, and piled them on the ground.
This side happened to be the way down the mountain, so he didn't carry the wild green onions back to the bamboo forest. His bamboo basket was full, so he would wait and see if Shen Yan or Shen Xuanqing could help him bring back the wild green onions.
"Woof!"
Hearing the familiar barking, Lu Gu turned around and saw that it was indeed the puppy. He called out "Guaizi" and the puppy ran even faster.
The puppy ran towards him, then he kept rubbing against his legs and whimpering.
Now the puppy was almost as big as an adult dog. According to what Shen Xuanqing said before, he should be called Daguai (when he grew up, but Lu Gu always forgot and still called him Guaizi.
[大	dà: big, great; 乖	guāi: (of a child) obedient, well-behaved, clever; 仔 zī: young animal]
Touching the puppy's head and pinching his ears, Lu Gu kept smiling. After hearing another dog barking, he looked up and saw Shen Xuanqing coming with Dahui and the others.
"Brother Guzi." Shen Yuping was holding a dead rabbit in his hand. He had satisfied his urge to chase rabbits today. His already big eyes became even brighter. He was younger than Lu Gu, and because of Shen Xuanqing, he naturally had to call him brother.
Shen Yuping was eager to show off to his family. After he greeted the others, he raised the rabbit in his hand and said, "Mom, Yu'er, look what I caught."
Dahui and two big dogs ran over and circled around Lu Gu, but Lu Gu looked at Shen Xuanqing and didn't care about them.
"My basket is full, I broke off some thin bamboo shoots. Mother said we should go home and stew them with meat." The smile in his eyes seemed to be flashing with a faint light. After separating for half the morning, he was a little anxious to tell Shen Xuanqing what he had done, but because of his temperament, he was obviously restrained in his words.
"So many." Shen Xuanqing also smiled, and said when he saw the wild green onions on the ground, "My basket isn't full, just stuff them in."
"Yeah." Lu Gu pushed aside Guaizi and big dogs who squeezed each other to rub against his legs, and started to put the wild green onions into the bamboo basket that Shen Xuanqing had taken down.
"Quail?" he asked when he saw what was in the basket.
Shen Xuanqing pushed the quail and two rabbits aside and said, "Well, when Yuping was chasing rabbits with the dogs, I saw this thing running over and shot two of them with my slingshot. I used too much force and couldn't catch them alive. Otherwise, I could have caught a female quail and raised it so I could eat quail eggs in the future."
Finally, he added, "Sister-in-law has a bad appetite recently. Let's see if she wants to eat quail meat."
"Yes." Lu Gu nodded. Ji Qiuyue had a poor appetite these days. Sometimes she would vomit after eating a few bites. Today, he went up the mountain to dig bamboo shoots to give her something fresh. Seeing that Shen Xuanqing was about to stuff three bundles of wild green onions into the basket, he frowned and said, "It's too heavy."
"It's okay." Shen Xuanqing didn't take this seriously.
Without waiting for Lu Gu to go into the bamboo forest to carry the bamboo basket, Shen Yuping, who was carrying Shen Yu's basket, also helped him carry his basket. It was getting late, and it was time to go back for lunch, so the group set out on their way back.
——
For lunch, there were both stir-fried bamboo shoots and braised bamboo shoots with meat. The others were not picky, they waited first to see which dish Ji Qiuyue could eat. The bamboo shoots were fresh, tender and crispy, with a strong bamboo shoot fragrance, and the meat inside was not greasy at all.
Both types of bamboo shoots were cut and stewed with the meat. The tastes were slightly different, but not too different.
After lunch, Shen Yan washed the dishes. Lu Gu took out some thin spring bamboo shoots and two big spring bamboo shoots, and pickled them into pickled bamboo shoots. Eating it with rice was delicious and could get rid of greasiness.
The rest were all sold in the town. These bamboo shoots would become old and tough if left for too long, and the taste would be much worse, so they must be sold while they were still fresh. Their house was so close to the mountain, so if they wanted to eat fresh bamboo shoots again, they could just go up the mountain to dig them.
Lu Gu also left some wild green onions for home and found a place in the vegetable garden to bury the roots with soil so they wouldn't wilt easily.
After he finished cleaning up, Shen Xuanqing took a shoulder pole and picked up the two bamboo baskets. Lu Gu also carried a bamboo basket, which contained the two rabbits he had caught today.
Fenggu Town was bustling with people coming and going. It was already past noon, so the two of them didn't go to the market, but walked through the streets selling their wares.
It was the time for eating spring bamboo shoots, therefore their bamboo shoots were sold quite well, four copper coins per catty (0,5kg). Shen Xuanqing had been selling things like this longer than Lu Gu, so when others asked the price, he would say six copper coins, and after a few bargainings he would reduce it to four copper coins.
A large spring bamboo shoot weighing two and a half catties was sold for ten copper coins, which was a lot for country people. Shen Yan had put in the effort to dig the large bamboo shoots, so she should at least be given some copper coins. Lu Gu kept a record of every large bamboo shoot he sold. He didn't dig many large bamboo shoots, so the money from the sales should all be given to Shen Yan and Wei Lanxiang