Business was not very good today, and all the things on the cart hadn't been sold out. Seeing that it was almost afternoon, and it was difficult to transport chicken and duck eggs on the road at night, Shen Xuanqing took Lu Gu to butcher Zhao's house and sold the remaining one pheasant and three rabbits to him at a low price, so that he wouldn't have to take them home again.
Xiao Huzi could already run. Lu Gu and butcher Zhao's wife, Ji Si, played with the child for a while.
Chubby children were the cutest. Ji Si smiled and told Lu Gu that Xiao Huzi was very heavy and sometimes it was difficult for her to hold him. She even asked Lu Gu to hold him to feel his weight.
Lu Gu had no choice but to pick up Xiao Huzi. His eyes widened slightly, and he thought to himself that it was indeed quite heavy.
When Ji Si saw this, she laughed.
Xiao Huzi had chubby hands and arms, just like a little dumpling. Many little boys start talking late, and he was one of them. At this moment, he reached out to touch Lu Gu's face, and uttered vague words that only Ji Si could understand.
"This is xiaoma (little mamma), not mother." She emphasized to Xiao Huzi beside her.
But Xiao Huzi was so young that when he saw a woman or fulang, he always called them "mother" and didn't care about anything else.
They didn't stay long at butcher Zhao's place as they had to rush back to eat, so they pushed the cart and left.
"Xiao Huzi is so heavy." Lu Gu said this after coming out. He felt that the chubby baby was very cute, and he smiled faintly.
Shen Xuanqing's Adam's apple moved slightly, he smiled and said, "Then let's have one too."
The last time they talked about children, Lu Gu was confused and at a loss. Later, he thought to himself that it was heaven's law and earth's principle for a fulang to give birth to a child for his husband, and he also wanted to give birth to a child for Shen Xuanqing.
[天经地义 tiān jīng dì yì: lit. heaven's law and earth's principle (idiom); fig. right and proper; right and unalterable; a matter of course]
Because there were so many people on the street, he said "hmm" very quietly and seriously, and then he thought about having a child, he had to...
His ears and cheeks turned red, and he lowered his eyes, not daring to look around.
Shen Xuanqing didn't expect that he would agree so clearly and seriously, and even his steps slowed down for a moment.
It was difficult to do anything else when they were outside, so the two of them continued walking forward. No one spoke, but both had smiles on their faces.
When passing by the cosmetics shop at zishi, Shen Xuanqing remembered that they didn't have much ointment left to use at night, but he couldn't tell Lu Gu about it, so he said, "I see your hand cream is used up quickly, so why not buy some more? You watch the eggs while I go in to buy some."
[子时 zǐ shí: 11 pm-1 am]
Before Lu Gu could utter a word, he entered the shop, pretending to be calm but revealing a hint of uneasiness and urgency, as if he was afraid that Lu Gu wouldn't let him in to buy.
However, the young fulang who was waiting obediently at the door had no idea what was going on in his mind.
When Shen Xuanqing came out, he showed Lu Gu the two boxes of hand cream he just bought. As for the two bottles of expensive ointment in his pocket, only he knew about it for the time being.
——
The road was bumpy and two eggs were broken. Lu Gu felt a little distressed and cracked the remaining clean eggs into a bowl to make egg drop soup.
They spent too much time in town selling eggs, so they put off checking the land until the next day.
There was a gentle breeze blowing in the morning, and it was just the right temperature, neither too cold nor too hot. Ji Qiuyue was bored at home, so she came out to relax, and brought Lu Gu along. The four of them walked around Qingxi Village to see what was going on.
Compared with the town, Qingxi Village was not very big, with a total of about 40 to 50 households, which was quite large in the countryside.
It wasn't easy for the country people to make a living, so all the land that could be used for growing crops and vegetables had been reclaimed. In addition, the imperial court also attached great importance to land, and the details of the land measurement were very clear. Therefore, anyone couldn't build a house casually, but had to buy it with money. Only after the land deeds and house deeds were signed could the land be officially considered as one's own.
In the past few years when the village was poor, most of the houses in the former site of the village were cogon huts, and now most people had moved out. But after the current site gradually became a village, the land was measured and approved by the government. Even if some broken cogon huts were no longer occupied, there were still land deeds.