36 Part

Chapter 36
Lu Gu and Shen Xuanqing were
sitting in the courtyard, drinking water and resting. It was past noon and the
rest of the Shen family had already eaten. As soon as they asked, they said
that they ate dry food on the way, and Wei Lanxiang hurried to the kitchen to
cook.
Shen Yaoqing and Ji Qiuyue came back from the field,
saw so many fishes on the cart at the door of the house, shook their heads and
smiled helplessly, these fishes plus water were heavy enough, thanks to the
strength of the second boy, if it was others, they would get tired halfway down
on the road.
He came in and put down his hoe to greet Shen Xuanqing,
Ji Qiuyue went to the house to get the scale, and the two of them pulled the
cart to the town to sell fish. Most of the fishes except river eels and loaches
turned white. For a long time, even if you went to the town, the dead fishes
couldn't be sold at a good price.
Even if you kept it at home, you couldn’t keep too
much. It would be a pity if you let it smell bad after two days, so he pulled
the cart and drove it in the village. After passing through several villages,
some of them could be sold by peddling along the way.
After the water boiled, Wei Lanxiang poured two bowls
of brown sugar water first, feeling sorry for both of them, this trip was
really hard.
The sweet brown sugar water was steaming, it was very
hot at first sight, Lu Gu took a sip carefully after blowing on it.
Wei Lanxiang glanced at the two of them from the
kitchen window while chopping vegetables, and said with a smile: "You two
came back just in time, yesterday I fried some dried peppers and sliced ​​meat,
and fried a winter melon to eat "
Shen Yan came out with some freshly picked red dates,
some of which were not yet fully red, half red and half green, these dates were
picked by her at the third uncle's house, they were crisp and sweet, she just
gave them to Lu Gu and Shen Xuanqing, she was called into the kitchen to
help. The fried dried chilies were stored in a large clay pot, and she
took a bowl and a large spoon to scoop out a bowl.
Dried chili was fried bright red and oily, cut into
thin slices of lean meat the size of a thumbnail and mixed with it, fried spicy
with dried chili, the meat slices and chili were both crunchy when they came
out of the pan, put them in the jar. People who didn't know how spicy this
dried chili couldn't stand it. On the contrary, the more you chewed it, the
more delicious it became. The salt was also adequate. The fried meat were
slightly salty and spicy.
Before covering the pot, Shen Yan pinched some sliced
​​meat and chili for herself to eat, it was delicious.
When Wei Lanxiang was heating the steamed buns, she put
two eggs on the
bamboo steamer
, so she boiled them for a while longer. She took
off the lid of the pot when the eggs were cooked, stuffed the steamed buns and
eggs on the bowl, and scooped out the water from the big pot.
The winter melon was so ripe, it didn't take long to
fry it, Lu Gu and Shen Xuanqing also recovered after a while of rest, the dried
chili was really fragrant, especially with rice, even Lu Gu ate a few more
mouthfuls.
After eating, Shen Yan washed the dishes and tidied up,
Lu Gu followed Shen Xuanqing into the room, afraid of delaying time on the way,
the fishes would all die and it would be worthless, so he was in a hurry to go
out, Shen Xuanqing just pushed forward the cart, the rope tripped and rubbed
his shoulders red, it was worn out and needed some medicine.
Speaking of it, although the two of them got married,
it was all at night. Once Shen Xuanqing took off his clothes, Lu Gu still
didn't dare to look at him. It was also because of those things at night that
he was still afraid, but at least he didn't tremble like the last time he
applied the medicine.
The broad back with clear texture looked strong, and
Shen Xuanqing was tall. Lu Gu was usually afraid of him, but every time he went
to the town or the mountains with Shen Xuanqing, he felt reliable for no
reason.
Outside, Shen Yan saw the fish basket with shrimps,
called Guzi brother outside, and asked him what to do with the river shrimps.
After the medicine was wiped off, Lu Gu didn't dare to touch it again, so he
moved his hands and said: " Okay, put it on, I'll go out and have a look
first."
Lu Gu carried the fish basket and put it under the
eaves of the kitchen when he entered the house. Shen Yaoqing forgot to take it
when he left. Lu Gu washed the medicine on his hands and squatted in front of
the fish basket with Shen Yan. There were two white-shelled shrimps in his
hands. These shrimps were quite big. It had been a long time since they were
caught, and they were not jumping around now.
After Shen Xuanqing dressed up he came out, Lu Gu asked
him what he wanted, since he forgot to bring it, and this thing couldn't be
kept for a long time, they might as well eat it by themselves at night.
Such big prawns could only be found in the deep
mountains. Shen Yan could rarely catched them in the river outside the village.
When she heard that she could eat braised prawns, she was so happy that she
poured water and began to wash them.
Wei Lanxiang fed the chickens and ducks and came out of
the backyard. Seeing Shen Xuanqing sitting in the yard chopping firewood, she
said, "Erqing, don't be so reckless in the future, the fishes are not easy
to carry. If you rush too fast, you will hurt yourself."
She was a bit worried, because Shen Shunfu didn't make
it through when he was seeing a doctor, in addition to being too cold for too
long and hurting his roots, the doctor also said that he was too strong when he
was young, and he worked hard like old cow without rest, country people didn't
eat that well, and didn't know how to recuperate. People often said that
overwork could lead to illness, but it was just that they didn't see it when
they were young , not until they were middle-aged.
How could it be so easy to walk on a rough mountain
road for more than two hours, and to pull a cart? It was also that the
country people had no other way to make money. It was good to have a hunting
skill to earn money and lived a good life. Although it was better than other
farmers, it was still a labor-intensive job. Now there was no need to rush
to pay off the debt, but to take a break.
Shen Xuanqing knew her worry, he kept working, and
said: "Mother, I know, there is no need to worry. I will rest for two days
when I come back this time, and I won't be in a hurry. Take it easy.”