75 Part 28

Lu Gu washed all the pots and bowls, scooped water out
with a large laddle, and Shen Xuanqing opened the lid of the clay pot and
looked inside, there were indeed not many left, so he put down the clay pot,
picked up the candlelight and rummaged under the desk.
In the past two years, it snowed and he had no work. He
planed and peeled the wood, and made two shallow bowls. He didn't learn from a
carpenter, so the workmanship was not good, and he didn't use them much. There were
other bowls at home to serve rice and vegetables, it was better to use this
wooden bowl for badger oil, which was also convenient to take.
Lu Gu wiped the pot clean with a cloth, and only then
did he add two and a half buckets of water into the pot. Needless to say, Shen
Yan added a lot of firewood to the bottom of the stove, and the fire started
roaring.
"Wipe more oil on your hands and feet, and less when
you wipe your face." Shen Xuanqing said as he dug out the badger oil.
Lu Gu picked up the washing pot and was about to go out
to pour it. Hearing this, he looked over, nodded and said, "Yes, I
see."
When the cold wind blew in winter, the face was prone
to get chapped when exposed outside, and someone would wipe a little lard to
moisturize it.
After a busy day, when Lu Gu finally sat on the bed and
soaked his feet in hot water, he felt very relaxed. Now he and Shen Xuanqing
were not so restrained when they soaked their feet together, they could lift
their feet and rub them by themselves.
Shen Xuanqing saw that he was rubbing his feet by
himself, and his white feet were stacked together, so he suddenly lifted his feet
and pressed them on Lu Gu's feet.
The big feet that belonged to the man pressed his feet,
Lu Gu raised his eyes helplessly, and saw a pair of smiling star eyes. For some
reason, seeing Shen Xuanqing smiling like this, his ears turned red, and he
subconsciously wanted to pull his feet out.
Unexpectedly, Shen Xuanqing would not let go, and the
two of them "discussed" with their feet in the wooden basin, and a
little water splashed out from time to time.
It
was Shen Yan who was walking and shouting outside that made the two of them
stopped their childish behavior.
"Brother Guzi, my mother, sister-in-law and I have
wiped the oil badger, now it’s your turn." Before she finished speaking,
the half-closed door opened, and Shen Yan came in with a wooden bowl.
The candlestick on the table was lit, Shen Yan put the
bowl on it, glanced at the two people who were soaking their feet, and said,
"Then I'll go back to sleep first."
"Well, go to bed soon." Shen Xuanqing agreed,
and Shen Yan went out .
After washing his feet, Lu Gu wanted to get out of the bed
to get the badger oil, but was stopped by Shen Xuanqing: "Go to bed, and
I'll get it for you."
Every time after washing his feet, Shen Xuanqing went
out to pour the water, and Lu Gu also followed suit after hearing this. He
supported his body with his hands and moved inside the bed, his face was wiped
just now, now he just needed to wipe his hands and feet.
After applying it, it really felt different. When you
wiped it on your hands and feet, it would be warm and moist, and you didn’t
need to be afraid of being too oily if you wiped it more. Tang pozi warmed the
bed, and the rough feeling of friction between the skin and the bedding was
much less when you were lying in it.
When Shen Xuanqing poured water and came back, Lu Gu
looked at him when he closed the door, and said in a low voice, "You wipe
it too."
"I don't need it, I don't feel dry yet." He
only wiped his hands and feet when he felt it dry and cold. He was a big man,
and he didn't have the patience to apply it like this.
But after getting into the bed, he felt that Lu Gu's
hands were moist, he often touched his fulang's hands, and now he suddenly felt
different, not as dry as before.
Badger oil was indeed a good thing. Kept some more this
year. Badger oil that had been stored for more than three years was more
effective. He could buy these things and give them to Lu Gu every year in the
future.
The sun was out and there was no wind yet. It was warm
and shining, and it was another fine weather.
Lu Gu boiled the paste, and then he, Wei Lanxiang and
Shen Yan went to the courtyard to dry the rag for shoes while the weather was
sunny. There was nothing else to do in winter, and it was the customary
work of women and fulangs to make the shoes soles.
There were many people in the family, and there were many
clothes to use. Not to mention the old clothes and cotton-padded clothes, they
also bought some old clothes and rags from the villagers. They washed them all
in the water the day before yesterday.
Different from other farmers, Shen Xuanqing often ran
in the mountains, and he was also a person who spent a lot of shoes, no matter
whether it was winter or summer, he had to prepare several pairs of shoes.
He was almost nineteen years old now. He had grown
rapidly in the past few years, but stopped in the past two years. He had grown
so tall and wouldn’t grow any longer. Wei Lanxiang felt relieved, when she thought
about making shoes for him, if he grew taller, the shoes she made in winter
would be too small to wear, and she would have to redo them.
Sometimes
Shen Yan didn't like her family talking about her, but she was still very
obedient and earnestly learnt from Wei Lanxiang how to make the soles.
The three of them were busy, so Ji Qiuyue went to the
backyard to chop the grass for the chickens and ducks, and called Shen Yaoqing
to pick up the chickens and ducks' excrement at the back.
At noon, the sun was getting brighter, and the last
piece of cloth was finished, Lu Gu straightened up and beat his sore back.
The puppy laying drowsily in front of the courtyard
door with his belly stretched lazily while basking in the sun, and suddenly
barked twice at the door, Lu Gu turned around whe he heard the sound, it should
be that Shen Xuanqing had returned, and sure enough, he saw someone.
In the past, no matter who came back from the outside,
the puppy would wag his tail and run out to greet, but today he was lazy and
just lay there and barked. Lu Gu was provoked by it, but his attention soon
shifted to Shen Xuanqing.
"You're back." With a smile in his eyes, he
helped Shen Xuanqing to unload the bamboo basket on his back, and saw a small
iron pot with a long handle inside. It was the youzhong laddle
that Shen Xuanqing
had told him, for cooking.
Not only
youzhong ladle (有种马勺)
, but there was also a book in
the basket, because of the previous "lesson", Lu Gu trembled a little
when he saw the book.