29 Part 24

They walked home, Shen Xuanqing thought for a while,
and then asked Lu Gu in a low voice: "Did you buy wine because you want to
drink?"
Lu Gu subconsciously turned his face, glanced at him,
then quickly lowered his eyes and denied in a low voice: "No, I don't
drink."
Now Shen Xuanqing was puzzled, and asked: "Then
you bought it for me?"
Lu Gu hesitated, and then whispered: "Aunt got up
early and came over and said that they ate Honqiao, when I was picking
mushrooms last time, I seemed to hear a mountain stream flowing, I should be
able to look for green snails, soak it in the wine, you can eat it if you want,
and if you can’t finish it, you can sell it.”
The more he spoke, the lower his voice became, but Shen
Xuanqing heard clearly that he was going to cook him something delicious.
Lu Gu saw him go out to drink earlier, and brought
pheasant as a side dish. He also heard that Shen Xuanqing drank a lot of wine
when he got married, so he knew that he could drink it. Although eating meat in
the mountains was not so bitter, but Shen Xuanqing should be happier with a
refreshing appetizer.
Even if you didn't drink, Hongqiao was so expensive in
the town, it was good for Shen Xuanqing to try it out, it didn't cost him to cook
it himself.
Shen Xuanqing was happy that his fulang was thinking
about himself, and assured Lu Gu: "Eat, definitely eat, I don't drink too
much wine, three or two glasses are enough, and I won't get drunk. "
Wei Lanxiang often told him to drink less alcohol, and
didn't imitate the drunk man to do things that lost his reputation. He had
educated himself, and his rationality was a bit more than that of a reckless
man who hadn’t educated. He also knew that alcohol could hurt the body, It was easy
to make mistakes if you drank too much.
No matter which man in the village went back drunk, if
his body reeks of alcohol, his wife and fulang would felt disgust when they saw
it. Even if a man vomitted all over, no one wanted to approach him, so he
always rememberred not to drink too much, and in the past year, when he drank
with others he rarely got drunk, firstly, he could really drink, and secondly,
he wouldn’t pour too much alcohol into his death, and mostly he drank until he
had finished.
Seeing the smile on Shen Xuanqing's face, Lu Gu was
relieved, it seemed that he had done nothing wrong, and he nodded in agreement
after hearing it, indicating that he understood.
When the two of them went back, Wei Lanxiang was
delighted to see her son smiling so much, and she kept looking at Lu Gu's face,
so she knew they were getting along well, so there was nothing to worry about.
Not long after the cock crowed ,Qingxi Village gradually
began to have human voices.
Lu Gu and Shen Xuanqing got up and had breakfast, then
pushed the cart into the mountain again.
This time they didn't go at night, and they could see
the road under their feet more steadily. When Lu Gu reached the slope and
turned his head, he saw Wei Lanxiang who was still standing at the door.
He felt stuffy in his heart, with an unspeakable sour
feeling, but he also felt that it was warm, but he couldn't say it. He walked
forward with his head down, and lost his mind when he thought about it. If his
mother was still there, he definitely would send him the same way.