14 Part 23

Shen Xuanqing saw it clearly not far away, not to mention the old revenge, just robbing children's things was not something a man could do, so he stepped forward to stop and avenged the past.
He wouldn't repeat the past, but this time he got so much money, the joy in his heart couldn't be compared with anything else. He thought that the debt of ten taels of silver would have to be saved until May next year, but now it would be almost here.
As for Lu Gu, when he heard about eight taels of silver, he felt it was unbelievable. A small deer could be sold for so much money, and if it was exchanged for copper coins, the number of copper coins he got was beyond his counting.
Unbelievable at the same time, he also knew that it was Shen Xuanqing's money, and he had nothing to do with it.
But this didn't hinder the joy in his heart, it was his selfishness, he knew that the Shen family must be happy when they got so much money, and they wouldn't beat and scold him when they were happy.
When they passed by the pastry shop, the shop had just opened, and the clerk was carrying a square wooden tray and putting all kinds of pastries on the cabinet one after another, and the sweet smell wafted out from inside.
Lu Gu followed Shen Xuanqing to a stop.
"Pack six pieces of Baiyun Cake." Shen Xuanqing took out a handful of copper coins from his sleeve, counted twenty and handed them to the clerk, then took the oil paper  bag from him.
Baiyun Cake was expensive, it was ten copper coins for three pieces, it was as delicate as curd fat, and as white as clouds in the sky, it was sweet but not greasy after a bite, and then melted on the tip of the tongue in the mouth, giving people an endless aftertaste.
This item was sold well in the town in the past two years. Those with a little money in the countryside would learn how to eat and wear like people in the town, which made other villagers envious. If someone had spare money to buy this and went back, it would be very face-saving.
Lu Gu once saw Lu Wen ate this, a cup of tea and three pieces of Baiyun Cake, Lu Wen would cover his mouth with a handkerchief while eating, the gesture of raising his hand was indeed elegant and beautiful, and he ate it. He was guarded by Du Hehua, even if he took a single glance, he was sent to wash the clothes by the river.
In fact, he was not greedy, because it was useless to be greedy, it would only make people uncomfortable, so it was better to think about other things.
Shen Xuanqing turned around from the door of the pastry shop, glanced at his thin and quiet husband, passed the oil paper bag over, and said, "I'll share it with my mother when I go back."
Lu Gu was flattered, Even if he followed Shen Xuanqing out of the town, he still couldn't believe it, carefully holding the oil paper bag.
It was very light, but it cost twenty copper coins, so he became more and more cautious.
On the way back, Shen Xuanqing walked slowly, so Lu Gu didn't have to hurry. When the two arrived at Anjia Village, this time they were coming from the direction of the town, they could only enter from the front of the village, and the few houses they entered were Lu's.
Now the sun had came out early, and those who should go to the field had already gone to the field. Most of the families in the house were women, children and the elderly.
The door of Lu's courtyard was ajar, but no one was in the courtyard, and no movement could be heard inside. Lu Gu restrained himself after a glance, lowered his eyes and remained silent, no one knew what he was thinking.
Shen Xuanqing noticed his expression, but seeing that he didn't linger and hesitate, he felt relieved. People like Du Hehua and Lu Daxiang were not worth dealing with. Would mess around, the more alienated the better.
When the people in Anjia Village saw Lu Gu, they all knew that he had been sold to Qingxi Village. The people who were talking stopped abruptly, and just watched him Walked past with their eyes.
Lu Gu had a timid personality, although he was not generous, but he was not awkward or weird either. When he was in the village,when he met any aunt or grandma he would call in a low voice. In the eyes of the villagers, he was not talkative and a little boring, but he was still well-behaved.
Now being looked at like this, he hesitated even if he wanted to call out, and since he had already walked over, how could he open his mouth.
In the end, Aunt Qin, who was always straightforward, asked him where he came from. It was no different from how he was treated in the past, so he opened his mouth and called someone, saying that he was from the town.
Aunt Qin couldn't help taking a look at Shen Xuanqing. Because of Lu Gu, Shen Xuanqing called Auntie along with him. Aunt Qin was a little surprised, but she still answered with a smile. Then she heard people calling her at home, and she hurriedly said to the two of them: "Auntie has something to do, so I won't talk."
Such a homely conversation made Lu Gu relieved from the uneasiness just now.
Wang Langzhong was drying the medicinal materials in the courtyard, and he was very satisfied to see him remembering the days, at least he was concerned about Lu Gu's injury.
Country people had no money in their hands, and they hated the most was injuries and illness. It was okay to get over minor illness and misfortunes, but there were always people who procrastinated until they didn't heal for a long time, making him, a barefoot doctor, shook his head every time.
After removing the linen cloth from Lu Gu's head, Wang Langzhong nodded and said, "It's okay, the wound has healed, so you don't need to wrap it up, just take medicine for a few days."
" Don't get injured again." He told Lu Gu while mixing the medicinal materials.
This time they took the medicine for five days. According to Wang Langzhong's instructions, they would come to check the pulse later. If there was no deficiency of Qi and blood in the inside, they didn't need to take the medicine.
The wound medicine applied on Lu Gu's head was collected by Wang Langzhong himself from the mountain, it was not a precious medicinal material, and it cost only eight copper coins for two packs.
And Lu Gu had to charge money for the medicines he took, because in the prescriptions, besides the medicinal materials he picked himself, there were also money for the medicinal materials collected from others.
Every time farmers came to see a him, Wang Langzhong tried to use cheap medicine with good effect, which could be cheaper, but this time Lu Gu suffered a lot of blood from the injury on his forehead. He had to add an expensive one to the medicine, the medicine for one day cost 70 copper coins, and the medicine for the seven days last time was 490 copper coins.
However, for these five days of medicine, he took away the expensive medicinal materials and replaced it with the other ones.
People often said that seeing a doctor dragged down the family. When Lu Gu saw that Shen Xuanqing had spent so much money, he was so frightened that he was at a loss and dared not vent his anger.