16

Chapter 16
Not only Lu Gu, but even Shen Yan hurriedly took a few steps back when he saw the clue, not daring to join in the fun.
But because they didn't see what was in the cloth bag, they couldn't help being curious , they didn't dare to step forward and stood away to have a look.
Seeing that Shen Yaoqing wanted to open the cloth bag to have a look, Shen Xuanqing stopped him and said: "Five-step snake, snake gall was the most valuable, whether you take it out or not depends on whether it was soaked raw or cooked."
Some time ago, Shen Xuanqing passed the medical center in the town , he heard that the price of poisonous snake gall was high, but this time he only caught one. If he took the snake gall and sold the snake gall separately from the snake meat , it would need to soak a snake gall in the strong wine for freshness. Some were not worth it.
Although he used to get snake meat to eat, but because he didn't like it, he didn't kill the snakes for the galls many times, only twice, none of them were poisonous snakes, and the galls were not that expensive, this time it would be different, in case the galls were broken with a lot of strength, it was ruined.
Besides, the long snakes was slippery and cold to the touch, and he didn't like to touch it, and Wei Lanxiang was especially afraid of snakes. If he kept it at home, he might not dare to leave the house for a few days, so he might as well sold the whole thing.
Shen Yaoqing was excited when he heard it, and said: "Snake gall was a good thing, and it was very valuable."
After he finished speaking, he asked Shen Xuanqing: " it didn't bite you, right?"
The Five-step snake was a poisonous snake with strong poison. At most, the skill should be better, catching poisonous snakes was always dangerous, if one was accidentally bitten, even one's life would be lost.
Hearing this, Shen Xuanqing stopped rubbing the wild soapberries, turned his head and saw his husband squatting down, thin and small, looking at him timidly.
he hadn't seen him for five days, today Lu Gu was wearing indigo blue clothes, it seemed to be whiter than before, and it seemed to be more beautiful.
From Lu Gu's tense expression, he realized that he had been looking for a long time, so he averted his eyes and said in a low voice, "Scramble another egg. "
"Okay." Lu Gu nodded hastily, and went into the kitchen.
Ji Qiuyue came out from the backyard to feed the chickens, and saw Shen Xuanqing came back and called him, she was always busy in the kitchen, now she saw Lu Gu like this , she smiled and thought that the young couple finally got along a bit.
Lu Gu was uncertain about how to scramble a few eggs for Shen Xuanqing, Ji Qiuyue came in while he was hesitating, and asked him to take four from the basket.
"Erqing loves eggs, fried or boiled. For him alone, four should be enough, and there were other dishes." Ji Qiuyue couldn't stay idle as soon as she came in, and habitually took them from Lu Gu. After chopping vegetables, she didn't even realize it.
After the water in the pot was filled, Lu Gu put six steamed buns on the drawer. Hearing this, he wrote down Shen Xuanqing's preferences, and nodded in agreement: "Well, it's enough."
"The vegetables were cut, and the eggs were also beaten. Okay, but the steamed buns haven't been heated yet, so we have to wait."
Ji Qiuyue said: "I heard people say that there was a youzhong ladle (有种马勺), which was smaller than our iron pot, and has a long handle on the side, which can be placed on the medicine stove for cooking. If you can buy one, it will be much more useful, so you don't have to wait any longer. "
Lu Gu also heard people say that that kind of youzhong ladle Seemed to be called a frying spoon, and it was lighter than a cauldron. He thought Ji Qiuyue was right, so he nodded and chatted with her in a low voice: "It seems quite Expensive."
"Of course, it's made of iron." Ji Qiuyue turned around and said, she thought for a while and then said, "When we get better, I'll let your Brother Daqing, go to the iron shop in the town to have a look."
Everyone Wanted to live a good life, and Lu Gu was also included in her expectation for a better life, causing hope to quietly appeared in Lu Gu's timid eyes, and he carefully Restrained himself and hid his emotions.
The kitchen was busy, and the steamed buns would be slightly hot as soon as the water was boiled. It was not that you had to eat very hot food in winter, so the waiting was not too long.
Knowing that the eggs were not fried by Lu Gu, but seeing him serving the dishes and steamed buns for himself, Shen Xuanqing felt differently from before.
"Do you want to eat?" He asked Lu Gu.
Lu Gu, who put down the steamed bun basket, shook his head and said , "I've eaten it, you eat it."
After a few days of unoiled rice in the mountains, Shen Xuanqing was satisfied with a bite of scrambled eggs when he came back. He knew how to stir-fry, But because of poor cooking skills, the pot would be burnt when the fire was too high. He felt that it was unpalatable. Sometimes he was busy and hungry and didn't care about frying. He just boiled the vegetables with water. When they were cooked, sprinkled some salt and mix them. up.
In the past two years, his family was in a bad situation and had no money to buy oil. He often ate boiled dishes and occasionally boiled eggs. Now that life was better, he was greedy for eggs fried in oil.
Lu Gu felt that it was not good to watch other people eating, so he went to Wei Lanxiang's room to do needlework. Shen Yan's shoes hadn't been made yet, so he had to help.
——
When Shen Xuanqing came back, every time remembered the date, so that he could take Lu Gu to check his injuries.
At the laozhong's house, Lu Gu hadn't finished his diagnosis. He noticed someone coming in at the door, Lu Wen.