169

Chapter 169
The weather was getting better, much warmer than the harsh cold of winter. Even when it was windy or rainy, it wasn’t as bone-chilling as winter. Time passed quickly, and before they knew it, spring was approaching. The slopes and wild fields grew greener day by day.
Early in the morning, Lu Gu ate a bowl of steamed egg custard drizzled with fragrant sesame oil. Though it had been steamed a bit too long and turned slightly tough, it still tasted good.
Nowadays, he rarely ate duck meat or duck eggs, just the smell was enough to make him uncomfortable. However, he could still manage a few bites of salted duck eggs. The day before yesterday, before dinner, he had felt so hungry that his stomach felt hollow. Fortunately, Wei Lanxiang had prepared and rolled out the noodle early that afternoon. He had gone back and cooked a bowl of scallion noodle soup. Without any stir-fried dishes and not in the mood for pickled vegetables, he had sliced half a salted duck egg to eat with it.
He ate a lot, but he hadn’t gained much weight. Even Shen Xuanqing sometimes muttered in confusion - his belly wasn’t showing, so where was all the food going?
Since this was their first time experiencing such things, there were many matters they didn’t understand. One day, Wei Lanxiang happened to overhear their quiet murmurs and couldn’t stop laughing, teasing them for being foolish. She explained that it had only been a few months, all the food was feeding the child in his belly, so how could he gain weight? Only later, when the pregnancy progressed and he had been eating for a longer time, would he start putting on more flesh.
Since Lu Gu didn’t have to prepare lunch at noon, he returned to the main hall to do some embroidery and needlework. Otherwise, he’d have nothing to do all day. Even when embroidering handkerchiefs, Shen Xuanqing worried he might overexert himself, limiting him to one handkerchief every two days.
Embroidering handkerchiefs was just sitting down, how exhausting could it be? But Shen Xuanqing had insisted multiple times, so Lu Gu had no choice but to comply.
The sun was particularly strong today. After sitting in the front yard for a while, Lu Gu felt too exposed and moved to the main hall. In the backyard, Shen Xuanqing finished shoveling manure and came to wash his hands. As he splashed water, he said, “Since we’re not busy today, I’ll go to Wangli Village and bring back the piglets.”
There was a family in Wangli Village that raised pigs. They had already agreed beforehand, they would take four piglets. Now that the piglets were old enough, it was time to bring them home and raise them.
Hearing this, Lu Gu set down his embroidery hoop and looked over. Wangli Village was a bit far, but not as distant as the town or Liangzhang Bridge. He hadn’t been on a long trip in a while. In the past, he often walked to town without a second thought, but after staying home for so long, he felt restless and wanted to go out for a change.
“I want to go too,” he said, looking at Shen Xuanqing.
Shen Xuanqing, who had been scrubbing his hands with wild soapberries, paused and glanced up. “You want to go too?”
“Mhm. Wangli Village isn’t that far.” Lu Gu tried to reason, thinking carefully before adding, “I’ve been home for so long without going anywhere. If you drive the mule slowly, it won’t be bumpy.”
Shen Xuanqing set the soapberries aside, rubbing the lather off his hands. After listening, he smiled and said, “Alright, if you want to go, then go.”
Lu Gu hadn’t expected him to agree so readily, he had thought he’d need to argue more.
Shen Xuanqing glanced at him, smiling without a word. With Lu Gu listing so many reasons and sounding so pitiful, how could he refuse? His mother had told him to indulge Lu Gu a little, not to make him angry or upset. Besides, Wangli Village wasn’t that far; a short trip wouldn’t be a problem.
Lu Gu stood up and put the sewing basket back in the room to prevent the dogs from knocking it over. The embroidery threads and handkerchiefs didn’t matter much, but if the needles scattered on the ground and pierced a dog’s paw or someone’s shoe, it would be troublesome.
Shen Xuanqing drank half a bowl of warm water and caught his breath before going to fetch the mule. Since it wasn’t yet spring, he couldn’t wear too little. The sun was strong today, and any physical activity made him sweat all over.
After hitching the mule to the cart, he called out to the backyard. Hearing Shen Yaoqing’s response, he led the mule cart out and helped Lu Gu onto the wooden cart outside the gate.
Just as Lu Gu had requested, he didn’t whip the mule to hurry. The mule pulled the cart forward slowly, but the ride was steady.
“Yesterday, when I went to Third Uncle’s house, I saw the sprouted jujube branches in the yard. Since we wanted them, Third Uncle didn’t cut them down. Once they grow a bit bigger, we can dig them up and transplant them.” A gentle breeze brushed past them, and the warm sun made the trip pleasant. Lu Gu was in high spirits, chatting idly with Shen Xuanqing.
Sitting at the front, Shen Xuanqing smiled and replied, “Mhm, I’ll dig them up when the time comes. This year, I’ll clear another plot in the yard to plant some qingyao leaves. That way, we won’t have to forage in the mountains or buy them.”
[Qingyao leaves (青蒿叶): the leaves of Artemisia annua (sweet wormwood), for treating fever, malaria, and inflammatory conditions. The antimicrobial and deodorizing properties make them a traditional go-to for managing summer livestock odors and maintaining hygiene]