78 Part 7

Hearing what he said, Lu Gu couldn't hold back his eyes
and smiled, thinking that the name of this soup was really long.
Seeing that his fulang was smiling, Shen Xuanqing also
showed a bright smile.
After eating breakfast, seeing so much snow in the
courtyard, Shen Yan gathered several balls of snowballs to play with the puppy,
Shen Yaoqing saw that she had nothing to do, so he smiled and said: "I
don't think the snow will melt these two days, it's better to pile it up and
make a snow lion."
When he said this, even Wei Lanxiang praised him. This
year, if they had money, they wouldn’t worry about food and clothing. Compared
with the previous two years, they still could make snow lions, which looked
more leisurely.
There would be two stone lion like the house in the
city in front of many people's houses, and they would make it with different
appearance.
In previous years, when Lu Gu was in Anjia Village, he
could only look at other people's snow lions, but he couldn't do it himself.
Now he was standing beside Shen Xuanqing and Shen Yaoqing, his eyes were full
of curiosity.
The two piled and patted the snow, and even poked and
carved the lion's head with wooden sticks. In the end, they really made a
decent snow lion lying on the ground. Although it was rough, it was not as
exquisite as the stone lion in the city, but you could recognize it as a lion
at a glance, it was very good.
Lu Gu was overjoyed, his face was full of smiles, Shen
Xuanqing also handed him the burnt firewood, and asked him to outline the
lion's eyes, mouth and nose. It didn't matter if the outline was not good,
it was just for fun, Shen Yan was still making the outline of the lion's tail
there.
It was a little brighter, and the people from the tofu
shop didn't sell tofu in various villages today, or maybe Shen Xuanqing went
out to buy tofu before they came to their village, and now the snow gradually
stopped.
The snow in front of the courtyard had been shoveled
clean, but it had been snowing lightly before, and a thin layer of snow fell on
the ground again. Lu Gu sent him out, the ground was slippery, and asked him to
walk slowly on the road, Shen Xuanqing agreed, and went to the tofu shop. After
leaving the house, Dahui followed behind him slowly flicking his tail, and went
out together.
Lu Gu didn't stay idle after calling Guaizi back. He
picked up the big broom leaning against the wall and swept away the thin layer
of snow that fell on the ground, otherwise it would be painful enough if his
feet slipped and fell. If you were pregnant, you needed to be more careful when
going in and out.
Shen Yaoqing was tidying up the backyard and passage,
he only had to clean the front yard, from the yard to the outside. He already
dressed thickly in winter, the front yard was not too small to sweep, and he
was sweating a little.
Almost every household were clearing snow and shoveling
snow. Standing in front of the door and looking to the side, there were quite a
few people who climbed up to the roof with ladders and raked down the snow for
fear that the snow would be piled too much and too thick and made the roof
collapsed.
The second room of the Shen family didn’t need to worry
that their roof would collapse. Shen Shunfu spent a lot of money to build the
house back then, and put on strong beams. The roof was made from mud and rice
tiles instead of a thatched shed. They didn’t need to afraid that it would
collapse since the snow would flow down naturally when it melted, so they didn’t
need to rake the snow.
Lu Gu was about to go back after sweeping, when he saw
Mrs. Miao from the neighbor's house coming out. There was a road between Miao's
house and their house, with a persimmon tree planted by Miao's house planted
there. Both families also plant autumn vegetables and winter vegetables next to
the house. In spring and summer, there would be a row or two of garlic or other
vegetables.
"Aunt." Lu Gu called out.
Aunt Miao shoveled the snow to the side, straightened
her waist and said to Lu Gu with a smile: "You guys got up early, the
front of your door has been swept."
Lu Gu was about to answer with a smile, when suddenly
there was a sound of beating and scolding from the Zhang family that was three
houses away from their house. An old woman seemed to be very angry, and the
voice of reprimand came out: "Beat you! Beat you to death! This Shameless
thing, dare to steal food, there is no family law!"
The door of Zhang's courtyard was open, and
the village was not very noisy in the early morning, even though it was three
houses away, Lu Gu seemed to hear the muffled sound of sticks falling on someone’s
body, and his expression turned pale.
Zhang Zhengzi beat and scolded Xiao Zhang Shi every now
and then under the instigation of Lao Zhang Shi. The  lightest was swearing and the worst was
physical violence. Xiao Zhang was still smiling when she first got married, but
she became more and more reticent later on, and didn’t dare to scream when she
was beaten. Today perhaps Zhang Zhengzi made a serious move. After a while, they
heard crying and indistinct begging for mercy in the courtyard, saying that she
would never dare again.
[Zhang
Shi: After marrying, a woman name become her father’s surname and the affix “shi,”
meaning clan/maiden name; Xiao: young; Lao: old (of people)]
When Lao Zhang Shi heard her daughter-in-law crying
like this, Fearing that others would hear the joke, she said angrily, "If
you dare to bark again, hit you!"
"Wow!" The puppy kept barking
because of the movement.
Aunt Miao was getting old, and she
felt palpitations when she heard the miserable cry. She patted her chest while
looking in the direction of Zhang's house, and cursed in a low voice:
"This old woman with no conscience!"
She also looked down on Zhang
Zhengzi, that bastard who couldn't figure it out. He only knew how to beat his
wife in the nest, spit on the ground and then turned back.
Speaking of it, Aunt Miao was also kind-hearted, she
was so close to the Zhang family, and she usually saw her when she looked up
and down. Xiao Zhang was an honest person, she didn’t know about people in the
town, but if the wife in the country made a mistake, it was not uncommon for
her husband to beat her, and others didn't need to persuade them. Most people
in the village was like this, and she was no exception.