52 Part 4

Fortunately, after two days of separation, Shen
Xuanqing came back, looking more natural, with a smile on his handsome face,
and besides the fox fur, he also brought back the honeycomb.
"I dug a big nest and there were several of honeycombs.
I took out three and left two for them. I didn't took all of them, but it’s
enough for us." Shen Xuanqing put the honeycomb into the jar, broke off a
large piece of honeycomb for Lu Gu to eat.
Seeing that Shen Xuanqing smiled, and Lu Gu ate
something sweet again, his brows and eyes were slightly curved, and there was
also a slight smile.
The previous matter was thrown to the back of their
minds like this, neither of them thought about it anymore, and kept silent
about it.
However, there were still changes, at least for Shen
Xuanqing, who didn't figure it out how to have sex for a while, and would never
touch Lu Gu again, he was afraid of losing face in front of his fulang, so he
would cover it with work. Concealment was the best, and when hunting was busy,
you could separate your mind from thinking about other things.
Autumn rains, the sky was dark and hazy, and the undulating
mountains in the distance were shrouded in rain and fog.
The rain was getting heavier and it was rushing down.
Lu Gu hurried into the yard wearing a coir raincoat and a bamboo hat. Shen
Xuanqing, who was also dressed in the same attire, followed him, and the bamboo
basket he brought back was filled with grass.
Just now the rain slowed down, the drizzle was not
heavy, and the dwarf deer and pheasants had no grass to eat, so they went out
to gather some grass and came back.
As for Lu Gu's chickens and ducks, no need to worry, he
happened to harvest some chicken grass and duck grass yesterday, as well as
grain bran for the chickens and ducks to eat.
The old hunter also used the woodshed to keep his prey,
so the woodshed on the mountain was quite big. After the rain, Lu Gu drove all
the chickens and ducks to the woodshed, and surrounded a place with firewood to
prevent them from running around, otherwise the mountain rain outside would be
too cold , wet and cold would make you sick.
Even the dwarf deer was brought into the woodshed, but
the hemp rope was shortened by Shen Xuanqing to save Lu Gu from worrying about
the chickens and ducks being stepped on by it.
Taking off the bamboo hat and coir raincoat, Lu Gu
added a piece of firewood to the small medicine stove at the entrance of the
main room. Fish soup was being stewed in clay pots on the stove. The thick
white soup boiled quickly, and the fragrance was overflowing. After getting up,
Shen Xuanqing went to fetch the bowl and spoon.
The two of them had already eaten in the middle of the
morning, and it was really cold when it rained and the wind blew, so they
simply stewed some hot soup and drank a bowl of hot soup to eat a few pieces of
meat to keep them warm.
The puppy and the big dogs also stayed in the main
room, otherwise they would go out to get soaked in the rain. Shen Xuanqing
threw a roasted bamboo rat to each of them to eat.
There was not much wind outside, only the rain was falling,
dripping down from the eaves like a curtain.
"There's not much salt left." Lu Gu said
after drinking half a bowl of soup, thinking about it.
"Well, I'll go down the mountain to buy some in
two days." Shen Xuanqing replied.
The two of them drank hot soup while looking at the
mountain rain outside the house. They felt a little leisurely, and they didn't
stay idle after drinking. Lu Gu took a sewing basket to embroider with the
light, and Shen Xuanqing took the bamboo he hadn't finished weaving last time.
The atmosphere was perfect, and sometimes they said a sentence or two, although
not many, but also tender, it was much better to have someone with you than to
be alone.
The soil was wet after the rain, and the sun came out,
but the ground was still wet and not suitable for walking long distances.
Otherwise, your feet would be covered with wet mud, and you would have to
scrape with branches after walking for a while to avoid heavy feet.
Shen Xuanqing carried a bamboo basket on his back and
went with Lu Gu to pick up mushrooms and vegetables. The autumn leaves fell all
over the ground, some of which were still stained with cold rain water and
hadn't dried yet.
"The day after tomorrow, it's almost done, and
it's time to go down the mountain after tidying up tomorrow." Shen
Xuanqing said while picking up vegetables.
He got six red fox furs and one miscellaneous fox fur
that was not good quality. These could be kept for the time being. After all,
it was a long way to Fucheng. Wait until you saved more and sold them. It would
get colder after a while , no need to worry about the fox furs not being sold.
The pheasants, the rabbits, and the dwarf deer should
be sold. The dwarf deer was injured and not strong enough. Although Lu Gu fed it
well, it was imprisoned and depressed. It would be a pity if it lost weight
later on. He could sell more while it was still fat.
Hearing this, Lu Gu thought for a while and said:
"Then bring medlars, a basket has already been dried. I also found some
tianwogen, let’s take them down, let brother Daqing to cover it with
soil."
Shen
Xuanqing thought of the huge pile of tianwogens that Lu Gu had accumulated, and
the two of them couldn't finish it.
Two days ago, he asked Lu Gu why he dug so much, and Lu
Gu told him that it was winter rations to take down the mountain.
It
was hard to get up. Lu Gu was walking, when he saw dipicai, he squatted down,
and said: "I dried the bamboo mushrooms, saved some for rations, and sold
them in the town."
Planning
what to sell and what not to sell, Shen Xuanqing seldom intervened in this
matter, just nodded and agreed.
And when talking about going down the mountain, Lu Gu
was too busy picking up dipicai and didn't pay attention, Shen Xuanqing secretly
sighed, his handsome brows were slightly frowned, he couldn't figure out what
to do about the intercourse, and he had to find someone to ask after going down
the mountain to ask.
As for who to look for, he frowned and thought for a
while, Shen Yaoqing was no good, who would tell his family such a thing, the
village chief and the others married a wife, but if he asked, he would be
laughed at for a while, Fortunately, he remembered Luo Biao in the end.
Although Luo Biao didn't marry a wife, he often stayed in the brothel, and he
thought he could help.