64 Part 14

Getting used to go up and down the mountain, Lu Gu
packed up quickly, Shen Xuanqing went to the backyard to release the dogs ,
pushed the cart and went out.
Wei Lanxiang sent the two of them out, and said: "You
just went to Fucheng yesterday and now you have to go to the mountain road
again. Remember to rest more when you get to the mountain."
"Mother, I understand." Shen Xuanqing agreed,
Lu Gu also said goodbye, and the two walked into the mountains with their four
dogs.
Having enough money in hand would make people felt at
ease. This winter, there was no need to worry about money. After going up the
mountain, Shen Xuanqing would no longer be so anxious to hunt. It was good to
slow down and take a rest.
It was obviously colder in the mountains, so Lu Gu went
to cook first as soon as he opened the door. After walking all this way, the tiredness
and hunger were unavoidable, and some warm meals would keep him warm.
There were not many things to bring up the mountain,
and the cart was no different from an empty one. Shen Xuanqing put the luggage
of shoes and clothes in the room, and after seeing that the chickens and ducks
were alive and well, she went into the kitchen to help Lu Gu to light the fire.
After the two had finished eating and drinking, Shen
Xuanqing went to the backyard to clean up, while Lu Gu washed the dishes and
cleaned the kitchen.
Just now Shen Xuanqing said that the next time they
went home, they would buy some big bone sticks with meat to stew.
Even if he hadn't eaten it yet, Lu Gu was very happy
just hearing what he said.
He didn't know why, but he liked to hear what Shen
Xuanqing would eat and use in the future, and Shen Xuanqing would bring it back
every time, and he was not greedy for anything else, even if it was just a
salted duck egg and a bowl of small pickles, he felt that life was very
promising, At least he could eat enough, not like before.
The sky was getting cloudier, Lu Gu cleaned the kitchen
and took a look at the sky, then picked up the bamboo basket and sickle and
went outside to cut grass, Dahui and the puppy followed him out.
The two of them often walked in the area in front of
the courtyard. The grass on the ground was sparse, exposing a large piece of earthy
brown ground. He often cut grass on the mountain and also took care of the
outside of the yard. The grass around the yard was either cut off or removed
with a hoe. Otherwise, if the grass was too high and too dense, it was easy for
snakes and insects to hide.
Lu Gu remembered the snake slough he encountered last
time, it was so big and long, and it would be bigger after shedding its skin.
Fortunately, he didn't come across it, what if it was a poisonous
snake. When winter came, the snakes in the mountains would go to sleep in the
places where they couldn’t be seen, so there was no need to be afraid.
But he thought again, he and Shen Xuanqing went back
down the mountain in winter, and they would never met the snakes at all.
Most of the leaves of the pepper tree outside the house
had fallen, and it looked a bit bare. The hard thorns on the tree hadn’t
changed, and people subconsciously wanted to avoid it.
Lu Gu picked up a basket of grass that chickens and
ducks love to eat, and carried it back when it was full.
Shen Xuanqing shoveled all the chicken and duck manure
in the backyard, the ground was clean and tidy, and made the scent of green
medicine leaves became stronger. As soon as Lu Gu came back, he could smell the
smell of green medicine leaves. It was cold, and the slightly milder medicinal
smell made him felt better.
As soon as Shen Xuanqing was about to leave the
backyard, he saw Lu Gu approaching with a bamboo basket of grass on his back.
He took it and said, "I'll chop it up. You can boil some hot water and
pour it into Tang Pozi. You will do needlework later in case your hands get
cold."
Today There was nothing else to do when they went up
the mountain. He knew that Lu Gu wouldn’t like to be free, so he must do
something. It was cold and windy, so he had to use Tang Pozi.
Hearing this, Lu Gu thought of the little Tang Pozi with
carved patterns, his brows and eyes were raised, he nodded in good mood, and
happily went to boil the water.
Not long after, white steam came out of the pot, Lu Gu
added a piece of firewood to the bottom of the stove, got up and went to the
room to take Tang Pozi.
As soon as he came in, he saw the quilt on the bed,
which had been fold for a while, and it was time to unpack and wash it, and the
sheets should be changed. There was a bundle on the table, which contained Shen
Xuanqing's new shoes and their clothes.
Lu Gu unpacked the baggage, put the shoes and clothes
into the box, and opened another box to get the quilt and sheets.
As soon as he took out the quilt, he saw a book under
the quilt.
Lu Gu froze for a moment, why didn't he remember that
there were books in the box.
Shen Xuanqing, who had finished chopping the chicken
grass, didn't see him in the kitchen, so he went into the room to look for him,
and unexpectedly saw this scene.
As soon as Lu Gu thought about it, he knew that the
book belonged to Shen Xuanqing. He didn't touch other people's book. It would
be a crime if it was damaged. As for the three big characters "Qian Kun
Tu" written on the cover, he didn't know it, and his expression didn't
change at all. He ignored the book and take the quilt.
[
乾坤
qián kūn: Heaven and
earth, Yin and Yang;
图
tú: diagram; picture; drawing;]
Even if they knew each words, these three words seem to
be quite serious on the surface, and most people wouldn’t think of other
places.
Shen Xuanqing was so nervous that he stood at the door
and didn't dare to come in. Seeing that Lu Gu didn't touch the books in the
box, he felt relieved.
As soon as Lu Gu put down the quilt, he turned around
and saw him, and said worriedly, "
why don't you take out
the book and stuff
it in the quilt, what
if the pages are crumpled." It was not easy for country people to go to
school, and it was even more difficult to buy books. Any book was precious for
Lu Gu.
He had never been educated and illiterate, and he could
only write his name crookedly on the ground with branches. His mother learned
it from a literate woman in the village, and taught him how to write. Scrawled
on the ground, his mother couldn't write well, so naturally he couldn't write
well, but at least he knew what two characters his name was.