31 Part 25

After the sun came out, the quiet mountain forest was no
longer as scary as at night. When encountering a place with dense grass, Lu Gu
used the long wooden stick in his hand to explore the grass and clear the way,
and Dahui followed him all the way. Walking along the direction where he
picked the mushrooms last time, he really found a mountain stream.
The stream flowed down the mountain. The water looked
extremely clear, even clearer than the Qingxi River. There were tender green watercress
growing beside the stream. Lu Gu felt fresh and tender when he pinched it.
After taking a bite, he decided to pick more and wait for Shen Xuanqing to come
back to eat it at night.
This watercress was tenderer than the ones he picked
by the river in the village before. He thought it would be delicious when he
made it into salads. It could also be stir-fried or fried with meat. There were
not many pickles in the jar. The watercress could be marinated in vinegar for a
day or two. You could eat it, it was sour and crunchy, and you could eat it
with sour pickles, otherwise you would always eat salty. Fortunately, he
came out today with a big bamboo basket on his back, so he could get some back.
He was not in a hurry, there was no one else here, so
he took off his shoes and socks, rolled up his trousers and got into the
water. Since he came here specially to look for the snails, he naturally
wouldn't go back too early. Lu Gu brought himself four steamed buns with mixed flour
and put them in a cloth bag. Now that he was in the water, he tied the cloth
bag to the back rope of the bamboo basket.
There were quite a lot of stones in the water, he
opened several pieces and finally saw four green snails with thin shells, all
of them were quite big, but the shells were too fragile and thin, some of them
were not mature enough, they would break if you squeezed it hard .
Lu Gu's hands were light, and he didn't want to crush
them, so he touched them and threw them into the bamboo basket behind his back
gently. He walked along the stream to the place where there were many
rocks above, and searched all the rocks that could be turned over, looking for
them very carefully.
He even found a small crab which was called purple
belly in the mountain stream, which was either under the stone or hidden in the
muddy water. It got its name because of the purple color on its belly. He
didn’t know what the other place called it. If it was like in their
countryside. It was called a kind of expensive mountain
delicacy.
When he was in Anjia Village, he saw someone went up
the mountain to catch some, but that person didn't sell them, he took them home
and fried them himself, and after eating them, he showed off in the village for
a while, saying that he was eating like the rich men in the town. This stuff
could be fried with peppercorns, since it was for food, Lu Gu wouldn't let it
go easily, and catched the purple belly and green snails
together.
When he saw the purple belly, he remembered that
this thing was as expensive as green snails, but this deep mountain was not as
good as when he was in the foot mountain, and he could go to the town to sell
something he caught. Shen Xuanqing was better, he walked fast, and he could go to
town in an hour and a half.
But he also thought that snail and crabs were like
loaches when they were caught. They needed to be raised for a few days to spit
out mud, and they could survive for a few days in the water. If you catched
some and kept them in the water for two days, you could take them back with
wooden barrels, and they were easier to carry than fish. Small crabs could live
well out of the water for a while. He would soak the green snails in wine and
left only the snail meat, which was still lighter. Thinking of this, Lu Gu
became eager. He wanted to find more. Shen Xuanqing and his family couldn't
finish eating, and they could even sell them in the town for money.
Fearing that the small crabs would be crushed or the
green snails would be eaten, he picked a few large leaves to wrap the green
snails. After he found a lot of leaves, he wrapped them with slender and strong
grass stems and threw them into the bamboo basket. No need to be afraid.
Belly purple used its sharp legs to move in the bamboo
basket. Sometimes it seemed that they were climbing up. Lu Gu patted the bamboo
basket with his backhand a few times, and the little crab that had just climbed
a little fell into the bottom of the bamboo basket again. .
There was a splash of water, it was Lu Gu who grabbed a
purple belly from the muddy water, held it in the clear water, shook it with
his hands and washed it, and it was clean quickly.
The stream was muddy due to him walking and washing the
mud, but after he left, it cleared up again not long after.
Dahui waded in the water for a while, then returned to
the shore, fluttering his body and flicking his fur, splashing water on Lu Gu's
body, he looked up at Dahui, with a slight smile in his eyes, followed by a dog
was really reassuring, even if you went far, you wouldn't feel that you couldn't
find your way back.
This mountain stream was quite long. He searched along
the stream for a long time, rummaging both upstream and downstream. When he
felt hungry, he looked up and saw the sun above his head. It was already noon,
so he went to the bank and sat down. Rest on a big
rock.
He moved his shoes and socks as he walked, so as not
to lose them. After his feet were dry, he put them on. When he saw edible red
fruits in the grass beside him, he picked them all up, squatted by the stream,
washed them, and tasted a sweet one, it was too
small.
Seeing Dahui approaching, he tried to feed Dahui
two, but unexpectedly, he ate it. It turned out that dogs also liked to eat
fruit. Not only grass red fruit, but when he waded over the water just
now, he saw a water bun tree. The fruits on it were all red, and they were
still big, but he didn't know whether it was bitter bun or sweet bun. This
kind of wild fruit was small and juicy, and when it was ripe, it could burst
open like a water bun, so it was called water bun tree. Lu Gu walked over
and tiptoed to pull off a branch, picked a small red fruit and bit the skin
lightly, feeling the sweetness of the juice, his eyes were full of joy, it was
a sweet bun.
There were more bitter bun tree than sweet, eight out
of ten trees were bitter, the kind of bitterness that even adults couldn't
stand, let alone ate it, just like he just bit the fruit peel and the tip of
the tongue got the juice, The tip of the tongue was bitter and numb, and people
who were not used to the bitter taste would retch, not to mention how
uncomfortable it was.
So after tasting the sweetness, Lu Gu was very
pleasantly surprised. He picked some red ones and took them to the stream to
wash. The redder the fruit, the riper it was. The flesh inside was soft and
full of juice. He stuffed one in his mouth one bite, and the sweet juice would
overflow.
Seeing Dahui beside him, he broke open a sweet bun and
handed it over. Dahui smelled it, opened his mouth and ate it, and even licked
the sweet juice from his fingers. One person and one dog shared and ate
the sweet buns he had picked.
Lu Gu gnawed two and a half of the four steamed buns,
and gave the remaining one and a half to Dahui. Dahui followed him today and
didn't have time to catch bamboo rats and chase rabbits, so he couldn't let him
go hungry.
After eating, he found a clear place, took a few sips
of it with his hands, and Dahui followed him to drink water with his head down.
He looked like human and intelligent.