59 Part 10

There were still sawdust for lighting the fire, but
there was not much grass that was lighter and easy to ignite. The country
people called that kind of grass igniter grass or velvet grass. After drying,
it turned yellow and the grass leaves were crumbled, and it could be used to
light a fire, and the dry grass stalks could also be burned.
The puppy was running ahead, Lu Gu found a clump of igniter
grass and stopped, fearing that the puppy would go too far, he shouted: "Guaizi,
come back."
He
kept shaking while running, and rubbed Lu Gu's calf when he came close.
The scythe was sharpened, afraid of hurting the puppy,
Lu Gu pushed him aside with his leg.
The leaves of the wild wolfberry tree were gradually
turning yellow. Lu Gu picked all the wolfberries around the courtyard. He went
to the distance while mowing the grass. Today he wanted to find some
wolfberries and wild soapberries. After it rained, the mushrooms should grow out
too.
Not long after autumn, the red and yellow leaves on the
hillside were very beautiful, and there were mountain flowers in bloom. By now,
most of the vegetation had turned yellow, and it looked a bit bleak.
As Lu Gu was walking, he suddenly saw a section of
snake sloughs skin, the color was a bit like withered yellow grass, he was
startled, he stepped back quickly, and carefully explored the grass with the
long branch in his left hand.
The puppy followed his legs. The dog was more sensitive
than humans, just like Dahui. They could tell if there were bamboo rats and
voles in the dirt holes on the ground, and whether there were snakes in the
grass.
The
puppy was usually too naughty, but he was also very psychic. He didn't bark at
the grass, and there should be no snakes inside.
The
snake sloughs looked scary, if it was straightened it should be quite long, it
looked like a big snake, Lu Gu was a little scared, the most feared thing in
the mountains was to encounter poisonous snakes, he clenched the sickle in his
hand, took the puppy to leave this place, it was better to go to a place where
the grass was low and could be seen clearly at a
glance.
Although
the snake sloughs could be used as medicine, not all the snake sloughs could be
used. He couldn't recognize what kind of snake it was, and he didn't dare to go
forward to pick it up.
After
walking far away, Lu Gu felt a little more at ease. He saw some mushrooms in
the woods not far away. He picked some edible ones. He pressed the igniter
grass in the bamboo basket down to make a room for the mushrooms.
In the densely wooded forest, the sun didn’t shine
much, and there was a layer of fallen leaves on the ground. The rainwater
accumulated on the leaves hadn’t dried completely, and the dog’s paws were all
wet, and the fur on the legs became darker.
Lu Gu picked a lot of mushrooms in the forest, and when
the bamboo basket was full, he picked it up and walked out of the forest.
The things on his back were quite heavy, Lu Gu looked
for the wild soapberries trees as he walked back. He and Shen Xuanqing still had quite
a few, and there was no need to pick them recently, but now he really found one,
he also found some meddlars. He could bring them when they went down the
mountain.
It was not easy to carry things on the mountain road,
he had come out far, it was already past noon, and he would
cut goji berry branches after he went back to
have a meal.
Almost in the end of autumn, and the two who diligent
enough were busy separately. Shen Xuanqing went out for two days to hunt foxes,
and came back only on the third day. Feeding the live prey, they couldn't take
care of other things when they were busy, let alone had sex, and at night when they
hugged and slept, they could kiss for a while at most.
This time they stayed on the mountain for a long time,
and they didn't go down until more than 20 days later.
First, Shen Xuanqing wanted to hunt more foxes, and
second, Lu Gu was afraid that so many fishes wouldn’t be dried. If it rained during
the few days when he and Shen Xuanqing left, the undried fishes would pile up
together. It was going to be damp and moldy, so you could just put it in the
sun before putting it on.
The two of them usually went down the mountain once
every half a month. The mountain road was so far away, so naturally they couldn't
run often, otherwise they would waste a lot of time on the road.
Lu Gu and Shen Xuanqing walked down the gentle slope,
and at a glance they saw the wall of their own courtyard, and the persimmon
tree outside the house. The red persimmons were all picked, and some were left
for the birds to eat.
The three big dogs had long legs and ran home first,
followed by the puppy. Wei Lanxiang, who was in the yard, heard the dogs barking
earlier, put down what she was doing and came out in a hurry, not caring about
waiting for the two of them to arrive. Stepping forward, Ji Qiuyue greeted them
directly.
"Give it to me quickly." Seeing Lu Gu
carrying the bamboo basket, Ji Qiuyue took it with a smile.
The bamboo basket contained dried igniter grass, which
Lu Gu specially brought back. A basket of igniter grass was not too heavy, so
he carried it all the way instead of putting it on the cart.
"If the two of you don't come back, mother will let
Daqing go to the mountain to see you two." Ji Qiuyue said while walking
with the back basket on her back.
This time they hadn't come back for so long, Wei
Lanxiang looked at the gate of the courtyard every day, several times a day,
and asked Shen Yaoqing last night if he wanted to go up the mountain, otherwise
she would be worried if he didn't hear from anything from them.
Hearing this, Shen Xuanqing pulled the cart forward and
said, "Mother, there's no need to worry. It's not that it's cold in
autumn. Before winter comes, I want to hunt for a few more skins, so I stayed
for a long time."
"Yes. "Wei Lanxiang replied again and again,
her second child was the most down-to-earth, if there was anything, there was a
dog to report the letter, she took a look at the goji berries and half a sack
of wild soapberries in the cart, and knew that it was picked by Lu Gu, turned
her head, she laughed and said: "Guzi is really capable, did you also dry
this dried fish?"
Before
Lu Gu could speak, Shen Xuanqing responded with a smile and said,
"It's him."
Lu Gu thought, but Shen Xuanqing put in a lot of effort in catching and killing
the fishes, how could Lu Gu take all the credit, and he said embarrassedly:
"Erqing was also busy, we did it together."
Wei Lanxiang looked at the two of them. The more
harmonious, the happier her heart.