26 Part 14

After leaving the market, they handed over the wooden sign, and the two of them walked towards the east of the town, and they arrived at the medical clinic first. The people in the medical clinic looked at the quality of the goji berries, tasted them, and accepted them all at the market price of three copper coins. Well, at the end when the two of them were leaving, the man also said that if there was any more such goods, just came over, and they would accept as much as they sold.
This undoubtedly surprised Lu Gu. Few people went to the deep mountains and forests. He was the only one who picked those wild goji berries by himself. He never thought that he would be lucky.
Because it was dry goods, and he picked and dried them by himself, there were many goji berries in the mountains, but they were not everywhere. The rest in the bamboo basket weighed ten catties.
There were too many copper coins and it was not easy to take them, so Shen Xuanqing asked the staff to replace all the copper coins for silver, and the five taels of silvers went into Lu Gu's hands.
Not to mention the rest of copper coins in the cloth bag, Lu Gu held the broken silver tightly, his feet were a little erratic, and he stared at Shen Xuanqing in a daze when he left the clinic.
"What are you doing in a daze." Shen Xuanqing said with a smile.
Lu Gu just woke up like a dream, and put the broken silver into his sleeves, so that even the inner pockets of his sleeves seemed to become precious and heavy.
The pork shop was on another street. Shen Xuanqing met a butcher surnamed Zhao, and they finally agreed that the butcher Zhao would give Shen Xuanqing five taels of silver, and Shen Xuanqing would take away the slaughtered sheepskin and a hind leg.
Compared with pork and chicken, mutton that was nourishing and could be stewed with medicinal materials was more expensive. When the price of pork was 20 copper coins per catty, mutton can be sold for copper coins when it was cheap, but sheep were not as fat and big as pigs, and the meat produced naturally not as many as pigs, and this black-hoofed sheep was a small sheep, so five taels of silver was considered fair, and Butcher Zhao made money himself.
The two of them had always been on good terms with each other, so they made a plan, boiled a large pot of water, sharpened their knives and slaughtered the sheep in the courtyard.
Shen Xuanqing was a hunter and knew how to skin the sheep. It was not difficult for him to kill pigs and sheep, and he wanted the sheep skin, so he handled it with the knife.
Lu Gu and Mr. Zhao's wife, Ji Shi, were sitting in the shop. Ji Shi was holding their one-year-old fat boy with some drool.
Ji Shi's body was slightly plump, she loved to talk and laugh, the child wouldn't let her sit, she had to stand up and move around, she gossipped with Lu Gu, it was mostly about their little tiger (the baby), and she also complainned about the difficulty of raising children.
Listening to what she said, Lu Gu responded in a low voice from time to time, his eyes fell on the fat face of the little tiger, and the little tiger giggled at him, and he couldn't help laughing too.
Seeing the wild soapberries in the bamboo basket on the ground next to the chair, Ji Shi asked, "Did you buy these wild soapberries to use it, or to sell?"
Working in a butcher shop, it was inevitable that you would get greasy hands, so you had to wash your hands frequently. Although Zhao Butcher’s family was rich and could afford the fragrant bath beads in the powder shop, it felt like a waste if you used these to wash your hands. So they often bought some wild soapberries back.
Knowing that it was for sale, she wanted to buy it. It was bigger than the ones she bought earlier, and she could scrub and wash it in her hands many times.
Lu Gu saw that there were only a dozen of wild soapberries left. Just now he heard Shen Xuanqing talking to Butcher Zhao, he was familiar with him, he thought for a while and said: "Sister-in-law, you can just take it, you don't need to give me money."
"Hey, why are you like this? Say, it's not easy for you to pick it." Ji Shi smiled and gave a way.
Lu Gu said again: "There are only a few left, it's nothing."
These ten were sold for three copper coins. He  got a lot of copper coins today, not to mention the Ji Shi, if he went back and met people in the village,  If they asked him, he would give it to them. This thing was picked in the mountains, and it didn't cost money, so it didn't matter if you gave up a few.
"If that's the case, then I'll accept your kindness. If you come to the town later, come and have a sit if you have nothing to do." The smile on Ji Shi's chubby face widened, and he helped Lu Gu refill the tea.
The two chatted and laughed for a while, and teased the little tiger. After a while, because someone came to buy meat, Lu Gu help Ji Shi to hold the child. The little tiger was heavy, and after being held by him, his fat little hands were still stretched out. Pointing at Ji Shi who was cutting the meat, he was whimpering, as if talking to him.
Six years ago, Du Hehua gave birth to Lu Wu. Lu Gu was about twelve years old at the time. Every time she ate, Du Hehua asked him to hug Lu Wu, she couldn't eat well by himself, so holding a baby was no stranger to him.
But for Shen Xuanqing, he had never seen it before, his eyes paused slightly, and his expression seemed strange.
Butcher Zhao came in from the yard with him, and went to weigh the meat for Ji Shi. After the work was done, Ji Shi took the children from Lu Gu, and Shen Xuanqing said goodbye to them. When he left, he originally wanted to buy a piece of meat, so he could pay back the half that he borrowed from the villager yesterday, and he could still ate some at home, but Zhao Butcher confiscated the money.
After going out, Shen Xuanqing pushed the empty cart much more easily. On it was a bamboo basket, sheepskin and the sheep's legs. The sheep's legs were wrapped in sheepskin so that it was not exposed. When they got home, they stewed it with nourishing herbs.
It was noon and the sun was very bright. Fortunately, it was autumn and it was not so hot. Lu Gu was thinking about the money he got today, maybe after he went back and gave the money, Shen Xuanqing could give him ten copper coins.
But even if he didn't give it, he had nothing to complain about. He ate well and slept well at the Shen's house. Today Shen Xuanqing even bought green plum wine for him to drink, so that was enough.
The two of them walked out of the town, and there were some people around an alley in front of them. It looked like they were joining in the fun, and they could vaguely hear crying and a few curses inside. When they got closer, they could piece together a rough idea from the gossip of those people.
It turned out that there was a maid in the alley who was about to sell by the Zhang family. They said her hands and feet were not clean in the courtyard. The maid had an affair with the eldest son of the Zhang family who his wife died. She wanted to be his wife, so Mrs. Zhang would sell her out.
It was impossible to know exactly what happened, but Lu Gu was a little surprised, it turned out that after buying someone, it could be sold again. He had been staying in Anjia Village, and he had been to the town a few times. He had only heard that there were people in the countryside who sold their sons and daughters. As for what happened after the sale, he didn't know.
Looking at Shen Xuanqing again, there was a bit of fear in his eyes.