57

The
rice was ready, and Shen Xuanqing was very diligent in helping to serve the
dishes. He and Lu Gu were alone in the mountains, so there were no rules, and
it was common for them to serve the dishes casually.
When he was at Lu's house, Lu Daxiang only came to the
table after the meals were served, and ignored everything else. Most of the men
in the village were like this, and Lu Gu had long since discovered that Shen
Xuanqing was a little different from other men.
The spicy stir-fried rabbit meat was delicious and spicy,
and the spicy taste was right, which was very enjoyable to eat.
Lu Gu couldn’t eat spicy food very much. He only ate a few
pieces of rabbit meat, mostly he ate qiucai. Although it looked a little bland,
only salt was added when frying, but it was good to eat with oil. It was much
more delicious than boiled it in water.
Seeing that he ate less meat, Shen Xuanqing wanted to
give him a few more pieces, but seeing that after Lu Gu ate a piece, he was so
hot that he picked up the rice and stuffed it into his mouth. He smiled and
didn't give him the meat anymore, thinking that he should avoid making such
spicy food in the future..
When Lu Gu was cooking, he also lit the medicine stove,
cooked the remaining half of the rabbit meat in a clay pot, and gave it to
Dahui and the puppy, so that the puppy wouldn’t keep pawing and barking when
they were eating. If they wanted to eat, the big dog would come over. Even if
they didn't pull their legs, they would squat down and watch them all the time.
If they were too greedy, they would drool. Why didn't you give them something
to eat, so that they could stay by the side to be quieter.
Not long after dinner, Lu Gu cleaned up the kitchen and
came out with a sewing basket, intending to sit in the main room and embroider
some handkerchiefs.
The sky changed in the blink of an eye, there was a
strong wind blowing outside, the sky was dark, and the dark clouds rolled and
gathered, and it became gloomy.
The gate of the courtyard was not closed, and one could
see that the woods outside had been blown to the point where a lot of leaves
had fallen, and they were swirled into the air by the strong wind.
The courtyard was located on a high place. From the gap
in the forest, the tops of tall trees on the distant mountains could be seen
bending and swaying with the wind, which showed that the wind was very strong.
Lu Gu immediately put down his needle and thread, and
hurried to the backyard to drive the chickens and ducks to the woodshed to
shelter them from the wind and rain.
All the things that should be collected in the yard
were collected, and Shen Xuanqing saw that the sky had changed suddenly, so he
removed the mud bricks blocking the drains of the yard wall, which were usually
tightly blocked to prevent snakes and insects from crawling in.
The raindrops were splashing on the ground, the sky was
so dark, and it had been gloomy since last night, and it was estimated that the
rain would fall for a while.
Lu Gu put the grass for the chickens and ducks, and
when he came out of the woodshed, he saw Shen Xuanqing at the gate of the courtyard.
In an instant, the rain became heavy, Lu Gu and Shen
Xuanqing ran back to the main room, both of them were drenched in the rain, and
there were wet spots on their clothes, but it didn't matter, as long as it was
dry, it would be fine.
The wind was blowing and the rain was heavy, and the
rain was drifting inward, and soon there was a pool of water on the ground in
front of the main room. They had to close all the doors and windows, otherwise
everything in the room would get wet.
The weather was already bad, and once the door of the
main room was closed, the light became dimmer, making it impossible to work any
more.
Before they would sit and be busy all day long, now it
was better to take a break to recuperate, so Lu Gu and Shen Xuanqing went to
the room and lay down.
The windows were made of solid wood, only the gaps
could let some light through, the rain outside was very loud, and even the wind
was howling, it sounded like a wild animal roaring.
Feeling cold and wet while he was lying, Shen Xuanqing
pulled the quilt away.
The door of the room was ajar, and there was the sound
of a puppy playing in the main room, whining, probably fighting with a big dog.
"Last time I made a lot of money, we will buy more
cotton later, and make thick winter clothes for the family, and wear new cotton
jacket to keep warm in the winter." Shen Xuanqing couldn't help turning
over and hugging Lu Gu.
The bed gradually warmed up, Lu Gu didn't struggle
after being hugged, and whispered "hmm" in Shen Xuanqing's arms.
Now that he had such a good chance to get along, Shen
Xuanqing wanted to talk to his fulang for a while, and Lu Gu was so obedient in
his arms, with a constant smile on his brows, and in a slightly low voice, he
said: "We save a few pieces of rabbit furs, we can make it a pair of shoes
for you, so you won't freeze your feet in winter, and you can wear them with
cotton shoes instead.”
The
winter was the hardest for rural people. Just like rations, clothing to keep
out the cold was equally important, otherwise they would suffer from frostbite.
"It would be colder after the rains. I'll chop more
firewood in two days, so you can boil the water for washing vegetables and
dishes." Shen Xuanqing said, hugging the person in his arms tighter.
He was a rough guy who could be fine after using the
cold water, but Lu Gu had tender skin, and his fingers were red and swollen
after washing in the cold water. How could he suffer this kind of suffering? A
person must use hot water for a winter.
Hearing this, Lu Gu felt indescribably happy and at
ease. Shen Xuanqing treated him well and allowed him to wear warm clothes in
winter without freezing. He wanted to dig more wild vegetables so that his
family would have a lot of vegetables to eat during the winter.
He frowned slightly, and smiled quietly.
Shen Xuanqing, who was holding him, didn't see it, but he
smelled the softness and warmth of his fulang’s body, and recalled the
lingering joy that was different from the previous night. He couldn't help but
kiss Lu Gu's cheek, lips, and neck lightly.
Lu Gu, who was secretly happy, froze for a moment after
being kissed, and his lower lip was gently bitten, which was extremely
charming.
Even if he knocked his teeth again, he still didn't
stop the deep kiss from continuing. Shen Xuanqing used to only know how to kiss
the upper corner of his lips, but only after reading the annotations in the
picture books did he know how to kiss deeply.
Lu Gu was a little dizzy from being kissed, until the
puppy screamed outside, he was beaten by a big dog, whimpering sounded very
pitiful, he woke up like a dream, and remembered that the door was open, he was
so frightened that he shuddered. Reached out to push Shen Xuanqing.