87 Part 16

"Woof!"
There was a dog barking nearby, Li Wanyun was startled,
she woke up from being possessed, and let go of her hands.
Lao Zhang panted violently and broke free from the
quilt. While still in shock, she saw the person standing by the bed clearly,
her old eyes were terrified, this Li Wanyun actually wanted to suffocate her to
death!
When she saw Li Wanyun
stood beside the bed in a daze, she put her
hands on the bed and quietly moved to the other side, didn’t dare to get too
close.
Lao Zhang was afraid of the suffocation feeling near
death just now, and now she saw Li Wanyun’s appearance who looked like a ghost.
After killed her son, now she was going to kill her!
With extreme anger and the stimulation because of Zhang
Zhengzi's death, she became a little crazy. Now she stared at Li Wanyun, gritted
her teeth full of hatred. She suddenly picked up the crutch placed beside the
bed, she beat Li Wanyun fiercely on the head, and cursed: "
Goddam!
Kexing!"
[
克星
kè xīng: fated to be
ill-matched]
Li Wanyun was in a daze, but she didn't lose
consciousness completely, she dodged to the side reflexively, and the crutch
only hit her shoulder.
The pain made her arouse a burst of strength from the
bottom of her heart. She snatched the crutch from Lao Zhang's hand, and
returned a few sticks back. She held the crutch with both hands, tears were
streaming down her chest and her body was trembling.
"help!, help!" After being beaten, Lao Zhang
hurriedly shouted for help.
With a clang, the crutch was thrown on the ground. Li
Wanyun pulled the quilt and stuffed the corner of the quilt into Lao Zhang's
mouth. Her tears fell in strings like money, wetted the quilt and clothes, but
her hands didn't stop, and she pinched Lao Zhang's arms and thighs fiercely, she
pinched and twisted the old meat, and she saw Lao Zhang's whole body twitching.
"Wooooo." Lao Zhang wanted to take out the
corner of the quilt from her mouth, but her tongue couldn't push it out, Li
Wanyun stuffed it too hard.
She wanted to pull it out with her hands, but Li Wanyun
pinched and twisted her hands again and again, the pain was so painful that she
almost lost her breath, and frantically tried to block it with her hands.
When she realized that she couldn't stop Li Wanyun, she
raised her hand to hit her and even pulled her hair.
Li Wanyun's scalp ached, but she gritted her teeth and
didn’t say a word. She raised her hand and pulled Lao Zhang's hair. She
grabbbed a handful of her hair, and Lao Zhang's tears and snot flowed because
of the pain, and she immediately let go.
Since she couldn't beat or scold, Lao Zhang wanted to
show weakness. She finally pulled the corner of the quilt out of her mouth, she
wanted to cry and beg for mercy.
"Wanyun, ah!"
Li Wanyun gritted her teeth with tears streaming down
her cheeks, as if she wanted to get back all the suffering she had suffered. Maintaining
her only rationality, she beat and pinched Lao Zhang's stomach, arms and thighs
fiercely, without saying anything.
Lao Zhang's begging for mercy was interrupted, and she
tried to fight back, but she was an old woman, she did have the strength to do
farm work in the past, but now her leg was broken, how could
she compare with Li Wanyun, a young woman? After
a while, she was beaten so much that she didn’t dare to fight back.
"Ouch." She fell on the bed, and because of her
broken leg it was hard for her to move. She cried in deep sorrow, and she was
so frightened by Li Wanyun's madness tonight, that she couldn't even utter a
whole sentence.
Li Wanyun gradually regained her sense and stopped
beating Lao Zhang. She wiped her tears with her sleeves, took a deep breath and
said, "From now on, if you dare to beat and scold me again, don't blame
me, we will die together, everything will clean!"
Her voice was very low, but the ruthless heart that
either the fish died or the net split wouldn’t diminish in the slightest, every
word seemed to be roaring from her throat.
[
鱼死网破
yú sǐ wǎng pò
lit.
either the fish dies or the net splits; a life and death struggle (idiom)]
She wanted to die, but God didn’t let her die and let
her come back. She had paid back the Zhang family with her life, and from now
on, her life was her own.
"If you dare to talk nonsense and tell others that
I’m not good, wait until your good nephews go away..."
How
could Lao Zhang not understand the following words. She didn't groan anymore,
she just felt that everything was absurd and couldn't believe it, but there
were pains all over her body and her broken leg was even more painful, which
made her afraid, even if Li Wanyun walked away, she didn't dare to curse.
In the west room, Li Wanyun didn't cry anymore, she took
off all her clothes and wiped her body with a cloth towel. She didn’t have thick
clothes, so she took out Zhang Zhengzi's cotton coat and put them on.
It was too late to boil water for a bath, but she still
went to the kitchen.
The flint was rubbed and sparks were splashed, and the
firewood was quickly lit. The fire at the bottom of the stove was flickering.
She stared at it for a while before standing up. With the help of the firelight
and her familiarity with the kitchen, she peeled off a few leaves of cabbage, and
chopped them up without even washing them.
She poured a lot of oil to stir-fry, added water to the
pot and boiled it. She grabbed two handfuls of fine white flour, added water
and stirred them into a paste with chopsticks. She poured them in and boiled
for a while, half a pot of pimple soup was ready.
When it was almost cooked, Li Wanyun remembered that
there were still eggs in the basket, so she took two and put them in.
She stirred the soup with a large spoon, a bowl of oily
egg drop soup was ready. She scooped a bowl of pimple soup and sat in front of
the stove, she ate it while crying.