59 Part

With
so many fishes to kill, one person definitely couldn’t finish them all, so Lu
Gu went out to help after heating up the stove.
He took the knives and scissors and three old bamboo
plaques, one bamboo plaque was used to store the guts that had been taken out,
and left it for chickens and ducks to eat, and the piles fish scales. It was
convenient to pour them out, otherwise it would be difficult to sweep when you
threw them on the ground, making the ground looked dirty.
Shen Xuanqing brought over two tree stumps, which were
a little shorter but had a flat section and were quite heavy. They were just
right for killing fish and wouldn’t shake.
Pour some water to wash off the ashes on the tree
stump, and when Lu Gu brought the stool over, he took it and sat down, took out
a fish from the barrel, and cut the fainted fish with the knife.
Seeing that what Lu Gu took out was a big fish, its
tail was still flapping, Lu Gu had thin arms and legs, even if he had strength
in his hands, Shen Xuanqing still handed over the one that had already fainted,
and exchanged it with the big fish.
It was unavoidable that the fish scales were scraped
and splashed. After there were too many piles on the tree stump, used a knife
to scrape off the tree stump, and most of the fish scales would fall into the
bamboo plaque.
The puppy stood up and lay prone on the edge of the
barrel, stretching out a thick paw to pat the fish in the barrel.
After scraping the scales of the fish, Lu Gu got up
first to add firewood, and when he came out of the kitchen, he saw the puppy
poking his head into the barrel and trying to bite the fish, but was stopped by
Dahui who came over with a low growl.
The dogs also knew how to wink, and the puppy stopped
holding the barrel, and stood down on the ground, and without being honest, he
went to pat the tail-wagging fish in the fishing net on the ground, and even
lowered his body and swooped forward , he could play with himself, he used his
paws to pat the fish to play, and Lu Gu didn't care about it.
The sun shone through the gaps in the clouds, and the
sky became brighter. It was clear that there would be no more rain.
After killing a few fishes, the body of the fishes were
cold, and his hands became a little stiff unconsciously. Lu Gu went to the
kitchen to scoop up hot water.
Shen Xuanqing threw the fish gut he took out into the
bamboo plaque, and then soaked his hands in the warm water. He looked up at the
sky and said: "Let’s look tomorrow, when the ground is dry and easy to walk.
I will go out to hunt foxes the day after tomorrow, and tomorrow both of us will
kill all the fishes."
His cold hands were soothed in the warm water, he
twisted a hot cloth towel to wipe his hands, and told Lu Gu: "If I go out,
you have to remember to boil more hot water to warm your hands, so much
firewood is enough, so there is no need to save."
After saying this, Shen Xuanqing thought of something
again, and said, "If we go down the mountain this time, buy Tang Pozi and
bring it up, and pour boiling water into it. During the day, when your hands are
cold, hold them, and at night, you could tuck them into the quilt to keep you warm."
[
汤
婆子
tāng pó zǐ
: lt. Mrs. Tang; a household heating
appliance , is filled with hot water and placed on a bed to increase the
temperature . It’s a copper or magnetic flat round pot with a hole with a screw
cap on the top, through which hot water is poured ]
Tang Pozi was a good thing. They couldn't afford good
charcoal in the countryside, and the hand stove and foot stove couldn't be
used, but Tang Pozi, that only needed pouring hot water, they could grit their
teeth and bought one.
Lu Gu only touched Lu Wen's Tang Pozi twice. It was Du
Hehua who asked him to bring him into Lu Wen's room. It was cold winter at that
time, and it was fine during the day, and he could find a sheltered place to
bask in the sun, but not at night. Tang Pozi felt so warm to the touch, he
remembered it for a long time, and sometimes he thought, if he had money, he
would buy one, so that he wouldn't be cold at night.
But at that time, he only dared to think about it. Now
when Shen Xuanqing said he wanted to buy it for him, he subconsciously looked
at him, thinking that he had money from selling goji berries and other things
in his hand, so he should be able to afford it.
Seeing his unblinking eyes, looked expectant and
serious, he smiled and continued: "If one is not enough, buy two, put one
by your feet to warm your legs at night, and put the other in the middle, so it
will be warmth."
He needed to buy two, Lu Gu thought for a while, the
hot Tang Pozi warmed his feet, and there was one in the middle of the quilt,
how warm it would be.
He smiled after thinking about it, his brows and eyes
were slightly curved, and he was as happy as if he had already bought Tang Pozi.
Seeing this, Shen Xuanqing held the cloth towel in his
hand and forgot to put it down, and stared blankly at Lu Gu. He had never seen
Lu Gu smiled so happily. After watching for a while, he couldn't hold back his
laughter. It was too far away, otherwise he had to buy it for Lu Gu right now.
The dogs didn't understand why they were laughing, but they
could feel the good mood. They ran around the yard to had fun, barking
constantly, and it sounded quite lively.
There was a fishy smell in the yard, and a row of fishes hung
under the eaves. Shen Xuanqing also built four wooden frames for hanging the fishes
on the open space in the front yard at night. There were so many fishes, all
four horizontal logs were fully hung, and a few were placed on the bamboo
plaque.
Shen Xuanqing got up early and went out. The sun was getting
bigger and warmer after a while.
Sitting under the sun, Lu Gu killed the loaches he
caught that morning when it rained. He killed a few loaches yesterday and ate
them for stew, and the rest were dried in the sun when the weather was good.
The loach was not too much, and it could be spread out
on a bamboo plaque. Lu Gu thought, after drying, pack it up and eat it in
winter.
After finishing all this work, he pulled out the mat
and spread out the purslane vegetables on it evenly. It rained two days ago and
the wild vegetables were not dry.
The
mat was fully occupied, so there was no need to dig wild vegetables anymore.
There were still a lot of tianwogen that had been moved to the corner of the
main room. Shen Xuanqing told him not to dig too much. Shen Yan and the others
would also dig up some in the mountain. Tianwogen were heavy, it was hard to
take it down the mountain.
Lu Gu was not idle either, he took a sickle and carried
a bamboo basket and went outside to cut grass.