84 Part 5

Since
the beginning of winter, the meat in the house almost had never been cut off. Lu
Gu never felt hungry again, and although he hadn't gained much flesh, his face
was ruddy, and it was much better than before.
After
finished speaking, Shen Xuanqing bent down and threw the winter bamboo shoots he
had dug up into the bamboo basket, then he turned to ask Lu Gu: "Why don't
you wear the hairpin?"
Lu Gu replied honestly: "I'm afraid I'll lose it
when I'm working."
Hairpin
was different from hair wrapper. Shuang'er in the country often wrapped his
hair with a cloth. No matter what he did, he didn’t need to be afraid that it
would get loose. Lu Gu was not used to use hairpin. If by any chance it was
lost, it would be offense, even if it fell on the ground, he would be distressed,
so he always kept the hairpin in the room.
Shen Xuanqing paused, he felt that it was true, and he nodded
in response: "That's right."
The puppy and the big dogs sniffed and dug holes in the
bamboo forest, together they caught two big bamboo rats. The dead bamboo rat
was held in the mouth by Dahui, the puppy barked, he bit the leg of the bamboo
rat and wanted to fight for it, Dahui let out a low growl from his throat with
the prey in his mouth, so the puppy
stopped after a while.
The big dogs ran towards Shen Xuanqing with their preys,
and it was inevitable that they came here to claim credit.
Shen Xuanqing patted the heads of the three big dogs as
a reward, and the two bamboo rats would be roasted for them when they got back.
As for the puppy, there was Lu Gu who was stroking his
heads and smoothing his fur. He was so happy, and even barked and rubbed his
head against Lu Gu's hands, so he had no time to pay attention to others. He
was brought up by Lu Gu, so he was naturally closer to Lu Gu.
"Brother Guzi, how much have you dug? I dug
six." Shen Yan was tired from digging with the hoe, and she looked up to
see Lu Gu who was playing with the puppy. Because she had dug so many winter
bamboo shoots, she couldn't help but want to compare the winter bamboo shoots
she dug up with her big brothers.
"I only dug three." Lu Gu got up and stopped playing
with the puppy, digging the winter bamboo shoots was the real business.
Shen Xuanqing's place was narrow, so it was not good
for two people to dig with the hoe together, and after digging in the new place,
he suddenly became aware of something. In the past, he wouldn’t dare to be
distracted from his work, let alone playing with the dog, but now Shen Xuanqing
had never scolded him.
Digging winter bamboo shoots was quite tiring. They
carried two bamboo baskets and dug about fifty winter bamboo shoots. This amount
was not many, when they went back, chopped off the roots and peeled off the
shell, there was not much food inside.
Before
going back, Shen Yaoqing chopped a large bundle of firewood. Lu Gu and Shen Xuanqing
carried bamboo baskets on their backs. When they returned from the bamboo
forest, they had to pass a crutch tree. Shen Yan picked up a lot of the crutch fruits
on the ground and put them all in Shen Xuanqing's bamboo basket.
In the distance, the dogs barked at people. Shen
Xuanqing took a closer look and saw that they were the villagers from the
neighboring village who went hunting in the mountains, so he stopped the big
dogs.
The farmers worked in the fields in spring, summer and
autumn, and they didn’t do nothing during the winter slack. Most of the
students went to private schools to study in winter. The others would go to the
mountains to found something to subsidize their families.
Ten
years ago, they also practiced archery here in winter. Firstly, they could hunt
wild prey and eat meat. Second, the good archers would be respected, and if
they won the championship in the competition, they would also get some rewards.
Practicing archery could keep your body healthy, and
some people also would join the army to serve the country. Now the world was
peaceful and prosperous, but it was still not easy to join the army and endure
hardships. After going there for several years, if the women and children in
the family had no support, they would be bullied by the villagers. Therefore
both Shen Xuanqing and Shen Yaoqing preferred to pay the corvee money instead
of joining the corvee, which saved them from being taken away as soldiers.
Although there had been no archery competitions in
recent years, there were people who still practiced archery or used slingshots.
With this skill they could hunt things in the mountains and add something to subsidize
the family in the winter.
Shen Yaoqing was also good at archery, and when he was
free, he took his dogs up the mountain to hunt. Although most of the things he
hunted were common wild animals such as rabbits and pheasants, they were also
very good.
Now that they met, Shen Xuanqing greeted the two people
from the neighboring village from a distance. The two men brought bows, arrows
and dogs, knowing that he was good at archery, they joked that they would learn
from each other in the future.
Unlike others, Shen Xuanqing spent most of the year on
the mountain. He was a good archer and hunter. Few people who only practiced
archery in the winter could match him, but he still responded with a smile.
It was just past noon when they got home, the sun was
high and Wei Lanxiang was still basking in the sun under the wall, Quanzi’s
Fulang went back early with the baby in his arms, but Zhou Yunzhi came to
visit.
"Aunt." Lu Gu who was behind Shen Xuanqing called
her, and Zhou Yunzhi looked at him.
"
why are you just coming back now?"
Wei Lanxiang put down the sole shoe.
"Second sister-in-law, Yu ge’er and I are going
back first." Zhou Xiangjun got up immediately, Wei Lanxiang didn’t prevent
them from leaving, saying that he should also go back to cook, so he didn't
stay any longer.
Zhou Yunzhi's eyes were higher than the top, she looked
down on the poor and she was greedy for petty gain, but she was not so
stubborn. Seeing that Zhou Xiangjun was gone and it was not easy for her to
stay, so she also stood up and went out. Today Wei Lanxiang gave her two
persimmons, and she was quite satisfied.
After eating, Lu Gu went to wash the dishes. Wei
Lanxiang hesitated, she had something to say at first glance. Shen Xuanqing who
originally wanted to go to the kitchen, sat down again, he said, "Mother,
just say what you want to say."
Wei
Lanxiang glanced at the kitchen, and then spoke in a low voice. Zhou
Yunzhi's eldest son, Shen Yutao, was working in the town. When he came back the
other day, he said that Lu Wen had entered the wealthy Li family's house in the
city. However, after inquiring, he found out that Lu Wen wasn’t officially wed,
instead, he became a concubine for others.
It was good for rural people to marry a wife. There was
no such thing as taking concubines. It was not uncommon for poor people to sell
their daughters and shuang’ers to be concubines for people in the city. But Lu
Wen was the fulang that Wei Lanxiang once chose. As soon as she heard that he
really entered the rich family's house and was still a concubine, she couldn't
help but think a lot, and wanted to talk to Shen
Xuanqing.
During
this period of time, Shen Xuanqing didn't go to Luo Biao. They agreed before
that if Li Mingshan wanted to harm him, Luo Biao would find someone to inform
him, and Shen Xuanqing didn't care about anything
else.
"Mother,
don't worry too much. I know the one with the surname Li. He is just a
drunkard."
Seeing
her looking at himself, Shen Xuanqing said again, "What happened to Lu Wen
has nothing to do with us, mother, don't think too much, everything depends on
me and elder brother. "
Hearing
this, Wei Lanxiang nodded, and that was the only way to go.
As
for Lu Wen being a concubine, Shen Xuanqing was a little surprised. Because Lu
Wen regretted their marriage at the beginning, so he thought that Li Mingshan
could give Lu Wen a title, but he didn't expect him to be just a
concubine.
But
that was also true, with the status of the Li family, it was not difficult to
find a good family in the city. When he heard Luo Biao said that Li Mingshan's mother
was a powerful one, he could
figure it
out that she didn't want her
son to marry
a country fulang.