70 Part 20

Whether it was roasted or steamed, the sweetness of tianwogen
was quite light. The country people didn’t eat with so many tricks. When
warming up with the fire in winter, buried a few tianwogen in the fire and
roasted them. They could be a snack and warmed your hand.
The puppy and big dogs were also around the brazier,
squatting in a circle, like people, seeing the puppy squatting for a while and
wanting to lie down, Lu Gu dragged their sacks over, otherwise they would lie
on the ground. It was too cold on the ground.
Tianwogen was roasted, Shen Xuanqing pulled out the
branch, some of the outer skin was scorched and blackened, it was too hot to
handle, so he let it get cooler on the ground.
It didn't taste good even if it was cold, so he picked
up the big one on the ground, blew it and broke it with his hands, handed half
of it to Lu Gu, and said, "It's still hot, blow it before eating."
Lu Gu  took the half of tianwogen, it was really
hot, so he could only hold it with two hands alternately, and the skin was easy
to peel after it was cooked.
the puppy didn’t eat when it was taken out of the fire,
he just looked up, now seeing the two of them eating it, he knew it was edible,
got up and rubbed against Lu Gu’s calf, and barked twice, obviously wanting to
beg for food.
"Don't worry, let them eat when it's cold."
Shen Xuanqing said.
That being the case, Lu Gu didn't feed the puppy, and
the puppy who hadn't eaten anything barked and kept looking at them.
Lu Gu didn't give it to him until it was finally warmed
up. Unlike other dogs in the village, he always ate well, but now he disliked tianwogen,
which was not meaty and had a bland taste. After two or three mouthfuls, he lay
back on the sack and didn’t ask more.
The wind stopped in the middle of the night, and early
the next morning, Shen Xuanqing found an unwanted rag, wrote two characters on
it with Lu Gu's embroidered brush, "hui (return)" and "duo (many)",
and stuffed it into bamboo tube. In such a small and delicate bamboo tube, a
small twisted hemp rope was passed through the eye of the bamboo tube, and hung
on Dahui's neck.
He didn't go down the mountain until a few days after
the beginning of winter last year, the year before last, and it was relatively
late. Before going up the mountain this time, he didn't discuss with his family
about going down earlier. If only Dahui ran down today, Shen Yaoqing might
think that they were going to meet halfway, so he wrote the words and he would understand.
Both brothers had studied, the character
"Hui" meant that they were going down the mountain to go home and
they wouldn’t come up again, and the word "Duo" meant that there were
too many things, Shen Yaoqing naturally knew what it meant after reading it.
After feeding a few pieces of meat to Dahui and Dabai,
Shen Xuanqing patted the necks of the two dogs and said something, the dogs ran
out the door and disappeared soon.
Having nothing else to do after breakfast, Lu Gu let
the chickens and ducks out and locked them in the big fence outside for them to
eat. The first thing he did when he returned to the yard was to go into the small
house to look at the wild vegetables and dried vegetables he had dried. For winter,
what you ate was the most important thing.
The small house was cool and dry, and if you br a lot of
food, you would put it here in case the kitchen was too wet all day long.
Seeing Shen Xuanqing coming in, he asked, "Do you want to take the quilt
back?"
Lu Gu didn't know about going down the mountain for a
winter, so he still need to ask.
"No, we will come again in the spring of next
year. Put it in a box and close it tightly. Next year, pick a sunny day and go
to the mountain early, take it out and let it dry for a whole day."
Shen Xuanqing looked at the other things while
talking. There was only half a sack of rice and flour left, and he said,
"There was no need to take away the food. It won't germinate and be damp
in the cold winter. You can still eat it next year."
"Yeah." Lu Gu nodded, looking at what he
saved, a cloth bag of dried mushrooms, the cloth bag was full, and it was
placed on the ground about the height of his calf. Seeing it, he was very
satisfied, and happily packed it with Shen Xuanqing.