82 Part

Chapter 82
The
steamed stuffed bun and steamed buns were about to be steamed, and there were still
eleven steamed buns from before in the drawer. Because there were so many
people in the family, they could
eat
seven or eight for breakfast. Wei Lanxiang woke up early in the morning, she
saw it and said it would be better to fry the steamed buns. They hadn't eaten
it for a few years, they fried pancakes once before, but it was different after
all.
To
fry steamed buns required pouring a lot of oil into the pan. Lu Gu had never
done it before. He helped Wei Lanxiang cut the steamed buns. Outside the
kitchen, he lit the clay stove and used clay pots to boil hot water for
drinking.
Because it was used for decocting medicine, they used
to call the clay stove medicine stove (
药
炉
), but a few days ago Wei Lanxiang felt that this
name was not good. It was not auspicious to be called medicine stove and medicine
stove all the time. After all, Ji Qiuyue was pregnant, so they called it clay
stove.
"Mother, are these enough?" He put oil into
the pan and asked, not sure how much she wanted.
Wei Lanxiang looked over and said, "Take two more
spoonfuls. If there is less oil, it will be easy to burn. After frying it, the
remaining oil can be poured back when it cools down."
"Okay."
Lu Gu added two more spoonfuls according to her words. .
Heated the oil until it was hot. When frying, there
were sounds of rattles from the pan. Cut the eleven old steamed buns into
slices and and fried them in the pan. Put the fried buns in the soup basin
after the they were taken out, otherwise the bowl would not fit.
Today's breakfast was different. After finished frying,
you didn't even have to shout. Shen Xuanqing and the others went into the
kitchen to watch and wait.
Lu Gu picked up the golden and shiny fried steamed bun,
took a bite and it was crispy. The inside of the fried steamed bun was not
crispy but warm and soft. It felt tasteless and you could sprinkle a little
salt on it, the salty flavor would make it even more delicious.
The fried steamed buns were the best eaten while they
were hot, and they were made with oil and salt, so you didn’t even need to fry
the vegetables, just drink some hot tea or hot water when you were thirsty.
After eating a basin of fried steamed buns, there was
nothing left, and the bottom of the basin was oily and Wei Lanxiang didn't want
to wash it directly. She poured it the oil into an oil pot and finally pinched
a piece of tofu to wipe off the oil on the bottom of the basin.
Lu Gu was not idle after eating, he was cutting tofu
and meat slices, and today he was going to make steamed bowls, the tofu had to
be deep-fried first, so Wei Lanxiang fried a slice of steamed buns to eat.
It was cold in winter, worked on the dry stove would
make your hands cold if you touched the cold vegetables and cold meat, let
alone get wet, so you needed to set up several large baskets at a time to steam
the steamed buns, and you only needed to steam them again for a few days of
eating.
Shen Yan added cold water to the pot outside and let it
boil. Warm water was needed for kneading the dough. She was not idle, and went
into the kitchen to help Lu Gu cut the meat. The two of them would be faster.
In the main room, Ji Qiuyue fished the soaked machicai
out of the wooden basin with chopsticks. The water was too cold and she didn’t
dare to take it with bare hands.
Dried eggplant and dried mushrooms were also soaked. She
was afraid that it would be too cold at night, so she soaked them in the
kitchen water to freeze and now she brought them to the main room.
Seeing that Shen Yaoqing had nothing to do, she said,
"Daqing, go peel a cabbage and wash two radishes, mother and the others
can't spare their hands, and they still need to fry the tofu and make the dough."
Although
there was sun today, it was not very warm in the early morning. It was
reasonable to roll up your sleeves when working in the kitchen and finish it as
soon as possible.
"Okay." Shen Yaoqing agreed. He felt that
using chopsticks was too slow, so he reached out with bare hand to fish out the
dried mushrooms and eggplant.
"Are you not cold?" Ji Qiuyue raised her head
and said angrily.
"I'm not afraid of cold, I have rough skin."
He laughed, got up and took the two baskets away.
Lu Gu and the others were busy in the kitchen. After
the dough woke up, Wei Lanxiang called her two sons to knead the dough. The two
men were strong, and they kneaded until it became smooth in a while. Then she
took over the kneading and made it into long strips. Because today they wanted
to make steamed buns, there was no need to knead the steamed buns, just chop
them up neatly with a knife, put them in a bambbo steamer and let her sons
carry them out to dry in the sun.
The three kinds of stuffing for the steamed stuffed bun
were chopped, and the two brothers Shen Yaoqing and Shen Xuanqing lit a brazier
under the table and the family sat in the main room to wrap them up.
Cabbage and radish were the stuffing that was often
eaten in the winter. The black machicais and white tofu were cut and mixed with
some meat. The eggplant was grown by themself, this year, when they were rich,
Wei Lanxiang bought more and dried it in the sun. In summer, steamed stuffed
buns with diced eggplant and pepper were delicious. If there was no green chili
in winter, cut some mushrooms and dipicais and mixed them and made them into
stuffing.
Seeing that Shen Xuanqing's hands were clumsy, Lu Gu
put the wrapped one in his hand into the bamboo steamer, and brought over
another piece of dough, slowed down his movements, and whispered to Shen
Xuanqing to let him see how he wrapped it.
Wei Lanxiang smiled while wrapping the buns: "I'll
make a few small ones, it's not that kind of small buns that can
be fried in oil, let's try it later."
When you had money and leisure, as long as you
were not lazy, you were willing to tinker with food.
The three kinds of steamed buns were squeezed together,
and finally they could make three bamboo steamer of steamed buns. The eggplant
buns were the least, and the cabbage and machicai were more. The big pots
were filled with big bamboo steamers, and these six bamboo steamers were enough
for them to eat for a long time.
Shen Xuanqing moved a large firewood and stuffed it
into the bottom of the stove, and the fire burned up.