68 Part 35

After a while, the puppy still didn't come back. He
picked up the bamboo pole and was about to drive the duck ashore so that he
could look for the puppy in the woods. Before he could catch up, he heard some
movement from the nothern forest.
He raised his head to look at it, only to find that it
was the puppy who was running, but he was holding a fat and big gray fur rabbit
in his mouth.
Only then did Lu Gu breathe a sigh of relief, and he
was no longer anxious.
When the puppy ran close, he could still hear a low
whimper from his throat. He was threatening, the big fat rabbit in his mouth
was not dead, and it kept kicking his legs.
How big was a puppy that was less than four months old?
Even if it was well-raised, it was taller and stronger than other puppy in the
village, and it was only about the same heigh as Lu Gu's calf. However, he came
back with such a big fat rabbit in his mouth. Surprised and happy, he forgot to
get angry and teach him not to run around. After all, the mountain was not a
village. It was dangerous that if he encountered a bigger beast, it would suffer.
It would be fine if Dahui had the fat rabbit in his
mouth, but now it was the puppy, Lu Gu was afraid that his mouth would be sore,
the rabbit was not small and it must be heavy, so he grabbed two rabbit ears
and pulled it out of his mouth.
"Wow!" The puppy let go of the rabbit from his
mouth, raised his head and barked at Lu Gu, wagging his tail excitedly, as if
he was asking for credit.
This rabbit was indeed not light, there was blood from
the dog's bite on the neck, Lu Gu also found that it had an old injury on one
of its hind legs, obviously it was not bitten by the dog, so it was no wonder,
the leg had already been injured.
"Wow!"
Seeing the pup wagging his tail and having fun, Lu Gu
put the fat rabbit on the ground, knelt down and stroked his head, the puppy raised
his head and narrowed his eyes, which was very helpful.
The rabbit wanted to run after being put down, but it
had been bitten by the puppy, and it was not so energetic. One of its hind legs
was still limping, and it didn't take a few steps, the puppy jumped forward and
bit its neck again, growling in a low voice, quite decent.
"Let's
go, put it in the cage first, and I'll give you a big rabbit leg tonight."
Lu Gu rubbed the puppy’s head, his brows and eyes curled up with a smile, he
hugged Tang Pozi with one hand, and grabbed the rabbit with the other and
walked back. He didn't worry too much about the ducks in the pond.
The puppy followed him, walking differently, looking
very proud and majestic with his head held high.
When Shen Xuanqing came back in the evening, the first
thing Lu Gu did was to show him the rabbit.
"Guaizi caught it." He couldn't hide the joy
on his face, and he was full of smiles.
The puppy got excited when he saw the rabbit, he ran
around in the yard, and even got close to the two of them, barking loudly at
Shen Xuanqing a few times.
Shen Xuanqing was also happy, he saw the injury on the
rabbit's leg at a glance, and knew what was going on, but it was a skill to
bring back such a big and fat rabbit, so he bent down and rubbed the puppy’s head
as a reward .
"Give Guaizi a rabbit leg at night." Lu Gu
said.
"Okay." Shen Xuanqing agreed.
The four rabbit legs happened to be divided among the
four dogs. The bamboo rats, voles, rabbits and pheasants that the puppy usually
ate were all caught by Dahui. It was not good to only give the puppy meat today.
Guazi caught the prey for the first time, in addition to rabbit legs, he also gave
a few extra pieces of rabbit meat for the puppy.
It rained again, although it was only half a day, but it was
colder in the mountains.
Digging out the old copper basin used for the fire in
previous years, Shen Xuanqing and Lu Gu sat in the main room to warm up with the
fire, the burning firewood crackled and splashed sparks to the side.
The wind blew in from time to time, and it was dark
after closing the door, so Lu Gu took the two thin quilts out of the room for
him and Shen Xuanqing.
The two of them sat close to the copper basin for the
purpose of warming their legs, otherwise they would get cold even if they were
wearing padded shoes.
Lu Gu put Tang Pozi on his lap, and took the embroidery
frame to embroider the handkerchief. Tang Pozi sank a bit after pouring water,
but it was so warm, so he was willing to put it aside.
Shen Xuanqing looked at the side for a while and really
had nothing to do, and said: "How about I kill a rabbit and roast it to
eat? There is a rock salt in the kitchen. When the roasted meat is rubbed with
it, it will taste good." It was also made of a special kind of stone,
which was also salt, which could melt in water and had a salty taste, so it was
also called rock salt.
When Shen Xuanqing was learning the craft from the old hunter,
the Lao Yang would roast meat for him like this.
Lu Gu must had never eaten it. Thinking of this,
without waiting for an answer, he got up and went to the bamboo cage in the woodshed
to catch a big rabbit and slaughter it in the courtyard.
When the rabbit was roasted, the four dogs were all
watching. It smelled like meat, and the puppy was drooling.
Shen Xuanqing tore a few pieces of meat for them, and
cut the rest into small pieces with a knife, and rubbed the tip of the knife in
rock salt while it was hot. It was salty and fresh, completely different from
fried rabbit meat and stewed rabbit meat.
With such delicious meat to eat, or perhaps because of
the radiance of the fire, Lu Gu's eyes were bright.
"In a few days, I'll catch a few more rabbits and
pheasants, and then we will pack up and go down the mountain to go home. It's
almost winter, it's too cold in the mountains, and we don't need to go up
again." Shen Xuanqing said while eating.
"En." Lu Gu had just eaten a piece of meat,
so he could only nod and vaguely agree. For him, no matter where he was, just
follow Shen Xuanqing.
However, this dependence hadn’t yet been noticed by
him.