36 Part 27

In the evening, the clouds in the sky were
orange-red, there were many people in the village, and there were no wild
animals, so there was no need to hurry home. Lu Gu and Wei Lanxiang went to the
third uncle's house. There were a lot of shrimp in the fish basket, so they
sent some over. When they came back, they didn't have an empty hand. they borught
half a bag of dates in the third uncle's courtyard.
Wei Lanxiang asked the two of them to take them up the
mountain to eat. If they couldn't finish eating too much, they would wilt, so
they might as well dried them in the sun. The dried dates would also help Lu Gu
replenished his energy and blood. First, listen to Langzhong’s words, and the
dried dates he bought had already been eaten. Fortunately, the Shen family didn’t
treat people badly when they ate, and they often ate meat and fish, and Lu Gu
had no other problems. He ate and drank well and slept well, so his body was
naturally stronger than before.
Shen Yan came back with a bundle of grass, but Dahui
was not tied after he went down the mountain, so he followed her when she went
out, and also entered the courtyard gate.
Seeing that Wei Lanxiang and Lu Gu came back, she said,
"Mother, I met Caixia just now, she came down from the mountain and said
that their family went to the mountain to pick up chestnuts and hazelnuts, and
Caixia alone carried more than half of the basket. "
After autumn, when the chestnuts and hazelnuts were
ripe and fell to the ground, not only people would pick them up, but also the
mice and squirrels in the mountains would pick them up for the winter. Several
villages near would go up the mountains to pick them up. When there were more
people, everyone would pick them up, each family could pick up less, Caixia's
family picked up a lot, Shen Yan was naturally surprised to see it.
Chestnuts and hazelnuts were dried and could be eaten
in winter. There were few vegetables in winter, and Shen Xuanqing wouldn’t go
into the mountains after the heavy snow. The only meat was bacon and dried
meat. The villagers could make more food for winter.
Wei Lanxiang was plucking onions in the courtyard and
was about to make dinner. She said without raising her head when she heard
that, "What's so unusual about this? Didn't your second elder brother
always pick it up for you in the deep forest? Or do you want to go to pick
chestnuts?"
There were many people in Qianshan, but there were few
things. Shen Xuanqing could pick up a lot in the deep mountains. Chestnuts and
hazelnuts could be picked up by everyone in the mountains, and they were sold
cheaply in the town. Ji Qiuyue would bring them to town when autumn came two
years ago. Shen Yan went to pick it up, selling more and selling less would be
money, not to mention repaying debts, at least it could maintain the family's
livelihood, and it could also be used as winter rations.
They not only picked up in front of the mountain, but
also went to the mountain with Shen Xuanqing, and picked up more in the deep
forest, but Shen Yan rarely went there, only once last year, she was only
eleven this year, and the small mountain road was too long to walk, When they
came back, they had to carry bamboo baskets, so Wei Lanxiang would go with Ji
Qiuyue, and Shen Yaoqing, who had to work in the field and couldn't go, would
make do at home to cook.
Going to the mountain to pick up chestnuts was
interesting for Shen Yan. It was more fun than driving ducks and hunting
chicken grass. After selling it, the money was her own, and the family wouldn’t
want it. It didn't matter if it was only five copper coins or ten copper coins.
It would crackling when you put it in her own small money bag, which was very
nice.
"Mother, do you want to go?" Shen Yan didn't
say that he really wanted to go, but her expression showed everything.
Wei Lanxiang was peeling the onions, and she looked
over when she heard her say that, and said with a smile: "You can talk
about it if you want to go, what are you doing with your mother?"
She thought for a while and said: "But it's really
good to pick chestnuts. We will keep some more this year, and we’ll eat it
differently during the winter. In the past few years, we’ve steamed it with
rice, but this time we’re bored with it, so let’s cook it with chicken, and
it’s said to be more delicious, so let’s try it too.”
She walked towards the kitchen, and said: "Your
brother Erqing is resting at home these few days, don't rush away, let's go
around the front hill first."
Shen Yan was happy when she heard it, and said to Lu
Gu: "Brother Guzi, do you want to go or not? Let's go together."
When Lu Gu listened to the two of them talking, he also
remembered the chestnuts that Shen Xuanqing picked up for him last time, and
there were still some unfinished chestnuts. In the mountains, before he went
down the mountain, he wanted to pick some, but these days he was busy with
other things and didn't find any time, so he nodded and agreed.
The three of them were talking in the yard, and Shen
Xuanqing came out after lying down in the room for a while, and ate a few
dates.
When Shen Yaoqing and Ji Qiuyue came back, it was
already dark, and they were quite capable, watching the sun go to the west, and
there were still some fishes left, so they took the cart to the restaurant and told
them what fishes they caught today, yes, even if they were dead, they were
still fresh, not to mention the half-dead ones in the bucket, which were even
fresher, because the fishes were big and fat, as well as crucian carp and river
eel, and finally sold them to a restaurant at a cheap price, as long as they
were sold, they wouldn’t lose money.
After they came back, there were only two small river
eels left in the cart fish, which were specially reserved. After autumn, these
things were stewed and nourishing. , If you wanted to eat it, you had to make
up for it now.
The money for selling the fishes was given to Shen
Xuanqing, and the copper coins and the scattered silver added up to two taels
of silver. This day they earned two taels, and the hardship of the journey was
worth it.
There were stewed prawns and fried chili meat slices,
both of which could be served with wine. Shen Yaoqing brought out the wine, and
not only his brothers drank it, but Ji Qiuyue and Wei Lanxiang also tasted a
small cup. There was meat and wine, the whole family was chatting and laughing,
even if Lu Gu didn't drink, the fried chili would make his cheeks blush and his
body warm.
He listened and watched, even if he didn't speak and
just listened to others, he was happy. A kind of hope gradually appeared in his
eyes, looking forward to living such a happy and harmonious life forever.