44 Part 30

To be the young fulang of the Li family, Lu Wen was looking
forward to this wholeheartedly, and felt that it wouldn’t be appropriate for Li
Mingshan to trouble the Shen family before getting married.
Li Mingshan had to rely on the Li family's money to do
things. If the old lady of the Li family knew, even if the quarrel in the
street was not his fault, then the fact that theShen family had entanglements
with him before, and he had made an appointment with Shen Xuanqing, it must not
be known by the Li family, otherwise it would be bad for the marriage.
So he took a break from his thoughts for a while, even
after the cloud and rain, he didn't say anything when the affection was strong
and tender, he just snuggled to Li Mingshan and intentionally or
unintentionally mentioned something about getting married as soon as possible.
Li Mingshan was very tender-hearted towards him, and he
agreed with all his heart. Lu Wen was even happier. He thought that after
getting married, he would become the young fulang of the Li family. It was not
too late to give them a small punishment.
Lu Gu didn't know anything about the people and things in the
town. These days, the whole family was busy threshing the rice, separating the
chaff and grain, sifting with the ox, and finally pounding the rice to remove
the bran, so that the new rice could come out. Couldn’t think about anything
else.
The weather was beautiful. The sun was hot recently,
and the rice was not afraid of sprouting when it was dried. It was hot and
tired, but they were happy to grab a handful of white and clean new rice.
Farm work was not exhausting. In front of the gate of
Shen’s courtyard, Lu Gu raised a dustpan to separate the grains. There was a
lot of dust on his face and hands. He stopped to take a rest when it was too
hot. He raised his arms and wiped his sweat with his sleeves. When he was about
to get busy again, Shen Xuanqing spoke.
"You, mother, and Shen Yan all take a break. There
are not many left. Brother Daqing and I are fine. The sun was good these few
days, so don't be too anxious."
Shen Xuanqing said, and took his dustpan. After leaving,
Lu Gu couldn't work anymore, so he had to go back to the courtyard to rest according
to his words.
"Mother, are you hungry? Let's have a steamed bun
first." Ji Qiuyue was cooking and asked when she saw them coming in.
Tired all morning, Wei Lanxiang replied: "Yes,
let's wash our faces and eat."
Lu Gu scooped water for the three of them to wash their
hands and faces, rubbed wild soapberries in their hands, and closed their eyes
tightly. Washed the white foam on the face, and the dirt would be removed.
Ji Qiuyue brought them the lukewarm but soft steamed
buns, pickles, and cut a few salted duck eggs for them to eat.
Duck egg yolks were poked with chopsticks to produce a
red oily juice. It was not too salty, and it went well with the steamed buns and
the pickled vegetables. If you didn’t have chicken eggs, you could eat duck
eggs to make up for the tiredness of the past few days.
Lu Gu ate half of the salted duck egg very cleanly, and
in the end there was only half an empty shell, and there was no residue left.
He was still thinking in his heart that salted eggs were delicious, and when
the ducks he raised lay eggs next year, he would also make salted eggs for Shen
Xuanqing to eat.