108

After Shen Xuanqing smelled the facial cream on Lu Gu's hand, the shopkeeper applied another three kinds of face creams on Lu Gu's hands one after another. He gently applied the face cream on the back of Lu Gu's hand, and it could be seen that the skin with face cream on it became much more smooth and moisturized, while the areas that were not applied looked dry.
All four kinds of face creams were good. Lu Gu was hesitant and couldn't choose which one he should buy. In the end, Shen Xuanqing said he wanted the peach blossom and red plum blossom ones.
The one with peach blossom fragrance was indeed good, while the red plum blossom had a faint of fresh and elegant flavor. Without deliberately smelling the face cream box and Lu Gu's hands, he could inadvertently smell a fragrance. The faint fragrance floated and drifted in the wind.
"Sir, you have a good eye. These peach blossoms and plum blossoms are the best-selling ones." The shopkeeper closed the lid of the facial cream and handed over the two boxes that Shen Xuanqing wanted. People doing business always speak nicely, so the shopkeeper took the opportunity to flatter them.
Before he mentioned the price of the two boxes of facial cream, he said, "Sir, I also have hand cream here. Apply some after washing your hands every day. It can moisturize your hands and make your skin more delicate. Would you like to take a look?"
Shen Xuanqing just noticed that Lu Gu's hands were a little dry, so he nodded and said, "Bring it here and let me see."
"Okay, please wait a moment." The shopkeeper smiled even more.
"Do you want to buy hand cream too?" Lu Gu asked in a low voice. He had to do a lot of work every day, whether it was weeding, digging wild vegetables, chopping wood and cleaning up rabbit manure, it was easy to get his hands dirty. He had to wash his hands several times a day. Wouldn't it be a waste of a good thing if he had to apply hand cream and then wash his hands over and over again? Not to mention that he also had to cook and wash dishes.
Shen Xuanqing knew what he meant, and after a moment's hesitation, he said, "Boss, please give me the cheaper hand cream, give me two boxes."
"It's not a waste to wash your hands with the cheap ones." He turned and said to Lu Gu.
The shopkeeper then took out two boxes of cheap hand cream, came over and said with a smile: "This is good, only fifty copper coins a box, but it's good for hands."
The price of a small box was fifty copper coins. Lu Gu wouldn't even dare to think about it before, it was a sky-high price.
Shen Xuanqing opened the box and took a look, then said, "Okay, this is it. How much is the facial cream?"
The shopkeeper smiled and said, "Not expensive, three coins a box."
[钱
qián: coin, one tenth of a tael.
1 tael silver = 10 coins = 1000 copper coins]
The price of a small box facial cream was three hundred copper coins, which was much more expensive than the hand cream. Lu Gu blinked and thought it was too expensive, but before he could say anything, Shen Xuanqing took out his purse (荷包 hé bāo) from his bosom.
"A total of seven coins." Shen Xuanqing counted the money and handed it over.
The shopkeeper took the money and said with a smile, "Okay, thank you very much."
He said casually, "Please come here often. I have rouge and face powder, as well as lip balm (口脂)."
At this point, he paused, looked at Lu Gu and said with a smile: " It's hard to find suitable color for lip balm. If you don't mind, why don't you two stay for a while and let my wife help this fulang try it out? or he can also try rouge if he wants."
Seeing that Shen Xuanqing was obviously moved, the shopkeeper didn't wait for them to answer and shouted to the back: "Dingxiang, come out and help the customer put on lip balm."
"Coming, coming." A beautiful woman walked out. The rouge and powder on her face were just right, making people feel beautiful and comfortable at first sight.
After she helped Lu Gu put on the lip balm, she looked at him and smiled: "This color is really suitable. It would be even better if there was some rouge."
Lu Gu's lips were originally light in color, but after applying the slightly red lip balm, they suddenly looked fuller. It wasn't ostentatious but made his whole face brighter. The color of his lips matched the red mark between his eyebrows, making him look extremely beautiful.
Lu Gu looked at himself in the bronze mirror and felt a little at a loss. When he raised his eyes, he saw Shen Xuanqing's blank gaze. He became more and more embarrassed. There was a blush on his cheeks even without rouge.
"This lip balm can also moisturize dry lips. It's best to use some when your lips are dry and chapped." The shopkeeper didn't forget to show his skills at the side.
"Uh-huh." Shen Xuanqing came back to his senses and became rarely embarrassed in front of outsiders. He asked: "Forget about the rouge, how much does this lip balm cost?"
When he and Lu Gu left the cosmetics shop, the shopkeeper even sent them off. This business was quite big.
There were facial cream and hand cream in the bamboo basket, and he even bought a box of lip balm. Lu Gu could smell a little bit of the scent of lip balm on his lips. His face was still hot, and he felt embarrassed and shy. How could country folk pay particular attention to appearance? Besides, he had never applied lip balm himself, so he didn't know how to use it even if he bought it. What would happen if he applied it but it didn't look good, he would become a laughingstock.