70 Part

Chapter 70
The
days passed quickly, and it was several days in the blink of an eye.
It was almost winter, and the wild animals in the
mountains that should be put on autumn were full of fat. When the weather got
colder, the ones that should hibernate would hibernate.
Shen Xuanqing often hunted wild rabbits and pheasants,
they were not a rare thing. He brought the big dogs to hunt badgers these days.
Whether it was a badger or a greater hog badger, they had fat, the fur was the
thickest in winter. It was late autumn and early winter. It was a good time to
hunt before they hibernated.
In addition to fur, the refined badger oil was also a
good thing. It could be used as medicine, and the price charged by the medical
clinic was not bad. In winter, you could apply some on the dry hands and feet
and it would moisturize, so you didn't have to suffer from chapped skin.
This thing was ferocious, with sharp teeth. Sometimes
when it was hunted by the dogs, it dared to attack the dogs when it was in a hurry.
It was also powerful in punching holes. It nest was connected to each other
underground and had several exits. It was difficult for ordinary people to catch
it.
But it was often said that "eight catties of
badgers and seven catties of oil" could be sold for money, and the price
was not low. Naturally, many people would think of ways to go to the mountains
to catch them. whether it was smoked and all the methods available were used.
Shen Xuanqing got some badgers last year. Badger skin
and oil were not as expensive as fox fur, but you could sell some more. In
addition selling the oil for money to pay off the debts, he left half of the oil
for his family to wipe their hands and feet, and they used it a lot in the past
winter.
Dahui and the other two dogs had been used to catch
them for the past two years, and they knew how powerful this thing was. After
the badger was forced out of the hole, they would avoid the sharp teeth that
bite them. The three big dogs were not afraid of hunting and biting.
Sometimes the badgers were too fierce, and they would
bite and fight with the dogs for a while. Some idlers in the village went to
the mountains to hunt badgers in winter. Several men would bring the dogs, just
like when the dogs chasing the rabbits, they liked to watch the scenes of
rounding up and biting.
But Shen Xuanqing didn't have this kind of leisure
time. Since he learn to hunt, the most common thing he did was hunting, and he
lost interest in watching such scenes a long time ago.
He didn't want to delay, so the long knife he carried
came in handy. His knife was long and heavy, with a thick and solid back, one
or two blows could knock the badger unconscious, put it in a sack and carried
it back. His hands seemed to be sophisticated and neat.
The reason why he didn't use the blade was because he
felt that the blood gushing from the severed head wouldn’t be easy to take
back, and it would take a lot of time to skin them in the mountains.
Of course, sometimes you couldn’t control your
strength, and it was not uncommon for the knife to smash a badger to pieces and
kill it. Shen Xuanqing didn’t think he missed it. He didn’t like badger meat.
He traveled in the deep forest for seven days and
brought back a lot of prey, including rabbits, pheasants, and a dozen fat
badgers.
Shen Xuanqing was busy outside, and Lu Gu was not idle
either. He picked as many wild vegetables and mushrooms as he could find, as
well as medicinal materials and igniter grass. They were dried in the sun for a
few days, and he went to pick two baskets of wild soapberries. The thing was
green and wet just after he picked it, and the basket was quite heavy, so he rested
several times on the way.
Seven days after the clear weather, the sky changed
again, with heavy clouds.
Although it didn't rain or snow, it was hard to go out
when the wind was blowing. The sand and stones were blowing up, and it was hard
to open your eyes.
Both of them didn't go out today, the courtyard door
was closed, so as not to keep the wind blowing in.
It was too cold in the afternoon, and the two lit a
brazier to warm up. Shen Xuanqing took a sip of hot water, looked at the sky
outside and said to Lu Gu: "If there is no wind tomorrow, let Dahui go
back to find elder brother and mother to come up. Tonight, after cleaning up, we
can go down the mountain and go home the day after tomorrow."
Lu Gu picked up tianwogen in the brazier with a branch,
and replied after hearing the words: "Then I will clean up tomorrow."
There were a lot of things to take down the mountain,
but the cart was too heavy for the two of them, and the field was not busy
recently, so it was easier for two more people to pull the cart together.