104

"It's a good size." Shen Yaoqing looked at the shoft shelled turtles in the fish basket and smiled. Seeing them coming back from picking Chūn qīngmiáo, he picked up the fish basket and walked home together, he said, "I've bought the pork, and we can make pork soup. Soak the shoft shelled turtles in a bucket overnight and stew them tomorrow."
The spring cold had just passed, and turtles were getting fat. People in the countryside call it water shoft shelled turtle, but people in the town called it turtle.
"Can sister-in-law eat it?" Shen Xuanqing asked.
Ever since Ji Qiuyue became pregnant, she had to avoid eating many things. She couldn't eat this or that. Sometimes even he felt tortured just looking at it. The shoft shelled turtle was quite nourishing for ordinary people. However he wasn't familiar with pharmacology, so he asked casually.
Shen Yaoqing was naturally more concerned than him, and he had asked the langzhong from nearby village early before he catched them, said: "I asked Wang langzhong during the first consultation that pregnant woman shouldn't eat too much shoft shelled turtles. A small half bowl of soup and one or two pieces of meat are enough to satisfy the craving. The main ones are pork and chicken, and then the fish soup, there's no need to afraid of these. "
"We can enjoy Chūn qīngmiáo today, and we can eat the shoft shelled turtles tomorrow." Shen Yaoqing added with a smile at the end.
Winter was finally over, and when the spring came they could satisfy their appetite with some fresh food.
As for Ji Qiuyue, although she couldn't eat much, Shen Yaoqing bought her pork or black-bone chicken every few days to make meat stew for her. Recently, chickens and ducks were starting to lay eggs, and Wei Lanxiang also steamed eggs for her. The soup was poured with sesame oil every time, and she was never treated badly.
When they got home, Shen Yan had already cut the lean meat slices, picked up the garlic that hadn't sprouted, and chopped some minced garlic.
Lu Gu was now very proficient in cooking. Even if he had never cooked Chūn qīngmiáo soup before, he would know how to cook it just by asking Wei Lanxiang.
It was easy to make chūn qīngmiáo and pork soup. He stirred fry minced garlic until fragrant, poured water then waited until boiled, and put in the lean meat slices. When the meat was almost cooked, he put in the washed tender Chūn qīngmiáo.
He picked a lot of chūn qīngmiáo, and put all of them into a big pot of soup. Chūn qīngmiáo tasted really good, and the minced garlic was rarely used just to add fragrance. The soup was slightly salty and delicious. Perhaps because the wild vegetables were fresh, which made the soup taste better and more delicious than stewed meat.
This kind of wild vegetables was mild and there was nothing to worry about. It was also cooked with pork and could be eaten by pregnant women. Ji Qiuyue finally had a good meal of wild vegetables.
Dinner was early today. Lu Gu finished washing the dishes and went outside to pour water. The setting sun and sunset glow complemented each other, and the sky was orange.
The water splashed on the open space next to the house and flowed to the roots of the persimmon tree. He held an empty wooden basin in one hand and straightened up his body to look to the west. The evening breeze blew, which made him feel very comfortable.
Lu Gu was about to turn around and go home when he saw a figure walking down the hillside not far away. He was too far away to recognize who it was, so he didn't pay much attention. Then he turned around and saw a group of dogs playing in the village. The puppy went out to play after eating. Although he couldn't see the puppy, he still called it.
"Woof!"
The puppy got out of the gap between the two houses and ran back wagging its tail. Seeing this, Lu Gu stood at the door waiting for it.
Unexpectedly, the man who came down from the mountain was approaching, it was Huang Da from the village.
"Hey, it's Lu Gu." Huang Da's small eyes were rolling around in his sockets, and his words were frivolous. He had always been an idler who was despised and hated by the villagers.
Seeing Lu Gu alone at the door, his eyes started wandering. Based on his understanding of these women and fulangs, the cowardly ones wouldn't dare to tell the men at home if they were taken advantage of verbally, for fear of being scolded and beaten.
Lu Gu had long been told by Shen Xuanqing not to pay attention when he met Huang Da, so he didn't answer. At the moment he was being looked at with strange eyes, he felt a chill in his heart, and he  felt inexplicably sick, When he was washing dishes before, he rolled up his sleeves and exposed his arms, and now he felt like his hairs were standing up.
The puppy ran back. Huang Da saw it and stretched out his hand to touch the dog's head.
"Guaizi!" Lu Gu suddenly called the puppy, his tone a little bit sharp after being frightened, which made the puppy suddenly become alert. The puppy ran to him and raised his head, as if he wanted to figure out what was going on.
"Hey." Huang Da didn't touch the dog anymore. He saw that Lu Gu was really good-looking, his skin was white, delicate face and well-dressed. Seeing Lu Gu turn around to go back, he muttered in his mouth: "This millet."
His voice was neither too loud nor too quiet, and was deliberately intended to be heard by Lu Gu only.
Lu Gu felt sick in his stomach, and felt a sense of fear in his heart, and he walked faster.
Seeing him like this, Huang Da smiled even more obscenely outside the courtyard gate. He actually didn't dare to talk to Lu Gu more. Seeing that the Shen brothers were not around, he felt he couldn't let Lu Gu off easily and wanted to take small advantage with his mouth, he wanted to make Lu Gu scared, so he felt that he was awesome.
Huang Da was looking into the Shen family's yard, but he didn't expect Shen Xuanqing to come out of the main room. He immediately shrank his neck and left quickly.