39 Part 28

Walking from the pharmacy door on the street to the
north, there were still people coming and going on the road, but the street
under the bridge was not as lively as the street above the bridge, it was all
farmland and wild land.
After passing a village, they arrived at Niujia village.
Lu Gu followed Shen Xuanqing to find the dog owner. The
bitch was lying in the front yard, and four puppies were playing around her.
After a while, one of the puppies wanted to get into her belly to breastfeed.
The bitch got up and left without letting it to eat.
Thirty-something-year-old Niu Hong was smoking a
cigarette, and caught the biggest pup over, saying, "Just this little pup,
take it home so that it can be raised and keep it healthy."
The pup was plump, He pinched the back of the neck
and lifted it up. His eyes were bright, and he made a lot of whimpering noises.
His limbs were thick and fat, and his claws were not small.
the little pup was a male pup, Shen Xuanqing thought
his appearance was very good, and he would feel relieved if it could follow Lu
Gu when he grew up, so he gave Niu Hong one tael of silver, mastiff like this was
more expensive than other dogs , but worth it for a hunter like him.
After hugging the pup, Niu Hong sent the two of them
out. At the end, he said that if anyone wanted a pup, let them tell that person
that he had one here. Shen Xuanqing nodded and said yes, and left with Lu Gu.
Returning along the way, Lu Gu held the pup in his arms.
He originally wanted to put it in the bamboo basket, but once he put it in, the
pup kept barking since it was away from the bitch, so he had to take it out
again.
The pup was very lively and not afraid of people at
all. He barked a few times in his arms and arched his head in his palm. After
he stopped barking, he bit his cuff and licked his fingers a few times,
whimpering in his throat. Ugh, let Lu Gu stroke its fat and round body to
soothe it for a while.
The pup was raised for Lu Gu, so he took it with him
when he went to the mountain the next day.
Dahui and the two small dogs were very curious about
the arrival of the pup. They approached cautiously and sniffed the scent. The
pup was not afraid of the big dogs and wanted to play with them. They whined
and barked, more courageous, Dahui was bigger and more lively when he was
young, and Shen Xuanqing thought that he would be a naughty in the future, so
he had to be trained well so that he could be more stable when he grew up.
After entering the mountain, the two of them cooked first,
and Lu Gu took the pup out of the bamboo basket and played in the yard.
The pup was two months old. He could run around and
bite. He usually played and learnt from the bitch. Now that there was a big
dog, he also wanted to play and bite. It was bigger than other puppies. But the
mouth and teeth were not as good as those of a big dog, and soon because of it
was too naughty, it was pushed down by the paw of the bigger dog, and it
pressed against its neck with its teeth bared.
The pup screamed in alarm, but didn’t break free from
the big dog's paws, twisting its fat body and barking, the sound really loud,
so scared that Lu Gu hurried out of the kitchen to protect and drove the dog
away. Finally, the puppy made a pitiful whining sound and moved towards his
feet.
"It don't really bite, just scare it." Shen
Xuanqing was chopping firewood in the yard and waiting for the meal to be
ready. When he saw the pup was playing, he didn't care. The dogs would fight
and play, but seeing Lu Gu was so anxious, he also came over to take a look.
There was no injury at all, and besides, the pup was so fat, it looked tough
enough to be beaten.
It turned out to be like this, Lu Gu then put down the
pup in his hand, in fact, with Shen Xuanqing in the yard, nothing would happen.
The pup had learned a lesson and didn’t dare to approach
the big dog again, but it was not honest and went to catch Dahui after a while.
Dahui was lying on the ground sleeping, and his big
furry tail became the target of the pup. It seemed a little impatient to wag
its tail. The pup got up and swept across the ground, then got up and found a
place to lie down again.
In the kitchen, Lu Gu uncovered the red cloth bag on
the wine jar. The green snails were soaked in it. When he opened it, the red
snail meat floated on top of the wine jar. He took the wooden basin used on the
stove.
Last time he found a lot of green snails, and
fortunately he bought two jars of wine, otherwise one jar wouldn’t be enough,
Shen Xuanqing saved some wine before soaking the snails, this time he went to
the mountain and bought another jar of five catties.
After pouring, there was still powder slag of the green
snail shell in the wine jar. Compared with other snails, this kind of
thin-shelled green snail was very wonderful. After spit it out for a few days
and wash it with sand, soak it in the wine directly, and the shell itself would
be gone, the red snail meat was separated, and it could be eaten with just one
stir-fry.
Lu Gu only poured out one jar, and the remaining jar
wouldn’t spoil if soaked in wine, so he would bring
it back home. He scooped out the snail
meat and there was still clear layer of wine on it. Wei Lanxiang had prepared
autumn chili peppers and boiled soybeans for him yesterday, so he just fried
them today.
There were a few green ones in the pile of autumn chili
peppers, and he cut them up. They looked good with the red hot peppers. Added
soybeans, and put them into the pot one after another as soon as the oil became
hot.
They didn’t grow many autumn chili peppers, so they
asked the villagers to exchange some. This chili pepper was not very spicy.
When it was out of the pot, sprinkled a handful of green autumn vegetables,
red, yellow, and green. It looked pretty good and beautiful, the red snail meat
tasted fresh and slightly spicy, and had the aroma of wine. It was really a
good dish to accompany wine.