38 Part 27

It was late today, and they
only brought a basket when they came out. After picking more than half of the
basket, they went back, as long as they had enough for their use, they would pick
it again later for sell.
In the early morning of the next day, they went to the
hazelnuts grove again. This time they brought on the cart, and when they came
back, they also had a good harvest. In addition to the hazelnuts, they also had
a basket of pine nuts and a lot of mushrooms.
This thing was not available every year, because the
trees were too tall, and pine cones were often knotted on the treetops. It was
dangerous to climb up the tree, the treetops were towering, and the wind in the
mountains was even more dangerous, even his life was gone.
Shen Xuanqing was not a picker of pine cones. In the previous
years, most of them were picked under the trees. There was a lot of wind in the
mountains, and a strong wind could blow down the ripe pine cones. But like
chestnuts and hazelnuts, squirrels and other small animals could also pick them
up, so there were not many.
There were quite a lot of mushrooms, and they couldn’t
finish them. They could sell what they could sell when they went down the
mountain.
With Lu Gu and the others pushing behind the cart, it
was easy for Shen Xuanqing to pull the cart. Normally, he and Lu Gu went up and
down the mountain together, without Ji Qiuyue and Shen Yan. Thanks to the large
number of people they came up to the mountain this time, otherwise it would be
heavy to carry so many things home.
Wei Lanxiang and the others spent four days on the mountain, even rushing
to pick up things. On the fourth day, they packed up the cart early in the
morning and were about to go down the mountain. they left some chestnuts
and hazelnuts for Lu Gu and Shen Xuanqing, so they didn’t have to run to pick
them up anymore, there were so many.
Before setting off, Shen Xuanqing fed the three dogs
meat, patted Dahui's neck, and told them to go down the mountain first.
Ji Qiuyue also came over and said something more, let
them go to Shen Yaoqing, Dahui was smart and like a human, he ran away first
with two small dogs, Ji Qiuyue was still muttering in the yard, saying how she
felt Dahui seemed to really understandd.
Shen Xuanqing usually didn’t call Shen Yaoqing to pick
him up, after all there was work in the field, and sometimes Shen Yaoqing had
to go to the town to do part time job to earn money, but this time before going
up the mountain, because his mother and Ji Qiuyue both came, Shen Yaoqing
remembered his father who suffering from a serious illness when he was young,
he said that the things he wanted were too heavy, and he would help him take
them back halfway. The dogs knew the mountain road and the house, and as long
as the dogs ran back, he would know what it means.
During the day, when the sun came out, there were few
wild animals on the way down the mountain, so it didn't matter if there were no
dogs. Besides, there were so many of them, so they didn't have to be so afraid on
the road.
After half a way on the mountain road, they finally saw
Shen Yaoqing, and three dogs followed him. These three dogs were hunting dogs.
They were good at running, and they were used to run with Shen Xuanqing in the
mountains. When they saw people going up the mountain, they followed him again,
but looking at the way they stick out their tongues, Shen Xuanqing knew that
they would lie on their stomachs when they went back.
"So many." Shen Yaoqing came over to see the cart
and was delighted.
Since they stopped here, they decided to rest for a
while. It happened that this place was not far from the river, and the three
dogs all ran to drink water. There was still water in the bamboo tube on the
cart, so they shared it.
"I met Da Chen yesterday, and said that the dog
cub in Niujia village was out of the moon, and it can be brought back in the
next few days." Shen Yaoqing ate two sweet buns brought by Shen Yan, and
sat down with him while eating.
Shen Xuanqing said "I'll be there
tomorrow."
Before he asked someone to inquire about a suitable
wolf pup in Niujia village, the price had been agreed, and he himself
calculated that it would need two months. He had seen the bitch, good-looking
and smart, and the family also knew how to raise the dogs. After the puppies
were weaned, the bitch would take care of them for a few days and taught them.
It would be more humane and easier to raise.
"Do you still want a dog?" Wei Lanxiang asked
while sitting beside him.
When Shen Xuanqing first started raising the dogs, she
saw her son fed the dogs with meat and bones, which made her felt distressed.
People in the countryside always fed the dogs with leftovers, and then boiled
the wheat bran for them to eat, or the dogs just went out to look for food, and
it was rare to feed it so well, even if it was wild rabbit meat, it would be
distressing.
Shen Xuanqing told her that keeping a dog was for
hunting, if you didn’t eat well, how could you run, what’s more, the mountains
and groves were dangerous, and the dog was full of momentum, so he could feel
at ease with them, and after talking about it once or twice, Wei Lanxiang gave
up , but when she heard that he still needed to raise another pup, she couldn't
help but ask one more question.
"Now the two of us were on the mountain, I take
the dog out, and I worry about Lu Gu walking outside alone." Shen Xuanqing
explained that he had already decided to adopt the pup, and no matter what the
rest of the family said, he wouldn’t change his mind.
How could Wei Lanxiang didn’t know his temperament,
just by looking at his expression, she knew that this pup would have to be brought
back tomorrow, but that was true, she also worried about Lu Gu being alone on
the mountain, so she just raised his head, nodded and said: "Yes that's
right."
Lu Gu didn't know that he was asking about puppies
before, and he was stunned for a moment when he heard his name, and then he
realized that he had never raised puppies, so he didn't feel much in his heart
at the moment. Dahui and the others came back from drinking water, wondering
what kind of puppies they were.
Firstly, there were many people here, and secondly, he
was also timid, so he didn't ask Shen Xuanqing.
After taking a rest, Shen Yaoqing put a rope on his
shoulders, and it was his turn to pull the cart, while Shen Xuanqing and the
other five pushed the cart behind.
"Brother Daqing, now is different, much lighter
than before." Shen Yan pushed the cart and said, even Lu Gu nodded, it was
indeed easier to push.
Men who had been doing farm work all year round had the
strength to handle it. Shen Yaoqing also went to the town to carry large bags
for work from time to time, so he naturally had the strength to pull a cart.