76 Part 30

After Shen Xuanqing told them how to hold the brushes,
he picked up the brush and wrote the word "
人
" on the paper. Both Lu Gu and Shen Yan watched
it carefully.
"Now you two write it." Shen Xuanqing said
after he finished writing.
These words made Shen Yan nervous, not to mention Lu
Gu, for fear that something might go wrong. The two of them held the brush
incorrectly first, and Shen Xuanqing straightened it before the tip of the pen
trembled slightly and fell.
"Don't shake." Shen Xuanqing was helpless,
and then said again: "Write more, and you won't shake in the future. Don't
be afraid, there are no outsiders at home."
The comfort
played a role, Lu Gu finished writing and looked at the first character he had
written seriously. The handwriting was ugly, but he was happy in his heart. Not
only he could read the characters, but he also could write with brush on the
paper.
Because he was happy, he subconsciously raised his head
to look at Shen Xuanqing.
Shen Xuanqing originally wanted to ask him to write two
more words, but the words suddenly changed, and said: "Well written, it would
be better to write a few more." Needless to say, learned to write you must
diligent.
Shen Yan was a little slower, and Shen Xuanqing didn't
hesitate to praise her after she finished writing, so the two of them buried
their heads in writing.
When Shen Xuanqing was in the school, he was with a
group of boys, now seeing that Lu Gu and Shen Yan were so well-behaved, he felt
relieved.
The three of them wrote and read, and Ji Qiuyue, who
was sewing clothes under the eaves, listened with her ears, and whispered a
sentence or two from time to time, so that Shen Yaoqing could hear it.
He scratched his head, not sure whether his wife wanted
to learn or not, so he simply said: "If you want to learn, I also went to
study, and I will teach you."
Ji Qiuyue stopped what she was doing, pursed her lips,
and then smiled. : "I still can't, I'm stupid, I can't read well."
Seeing his wife like this, Shen Yaoqing said: "What's
wrong with reading like this?"
"Teacher Erqing is too busy, I'll teach you."
He was about to go to get a brush and paper, but Ji Qiuyue stopped him.
"Forget it for now, they are reading, if you
interrupt it, what should they do if they are distracted?"
"Then let's go to the room, if there is no book, I
will write it on the paper for you." Shen Yaoqing saw that his wife wanted
to learn a bit, so he didn't delay, so he went to the kitchen to get a bowl.
Hearing what they said, Shen Xuanqing picked up the inkstone
and poured some ink into the bowl. There were plenty of paper and brushes, so he
took them casually.
Ji Qiuyue was apprehensive about reading and writing like
Lu Gu. She had an older brother and a second sister, and her second sister had
never studied. As for the eldest brother, he stopped going after two years,
saying that reading made him felt dizzy. If you felt dizzy, it was better to
work and farm at home.
The word "study" was also very far away from
her. Speaking of which, her parents still loved her, and she hadn’t suffered
much grievance when she was a child, but when it came to study, her father,
like most people in the village, said that girls only stayed at home, reading
was what the men should do, so even if the family could afford to send her to a
private school in the town, she was not allowed to go.
Now Shen Yaoqing wanted to teach her, and she couldn't
refuse, so she pursed her lips and smiled, put away her the cloth she sewed and
went into the room to learn.
There were people who read and wrote in the yard. Wei
Lanxiang listened to the movements at home and didn’t stop it. Shen Shunfu told
her before that it was good to study, and being able to read and write was a
skill, and he was going to send Shen Yan to a private school in the town.
Now it was all right, she didn't even need to go to a
private school, she could be taught at home.
It was unavoidable to be thirsty while reading, so she
poured a bowl of clear tea for everyone with a warm teapot, and stood behind
Shen Yan to watch.
She
looked at it for a while, raised her head and said to Shen Xuanqing: "I
see, you will read it every day in the future, and if you won't be able to
spare more time, at least it should be done for an hour. Read this book well,
it doesn't look thick."
It was indeed a matter of hard work and long-term work. Shen Xuanqing nodded
and said: "That's good. I don't go to the mountains in winter and don't do
much work in the fields. We can read it everyday in winter."
When Lu Gu heard that he was going to recite the whole
book, he was very happy. He didn't need others to teach him in the future, he
could read it by himself while holding this Three Character Classic.
Because he was a beginner, Shen Xuanqing didn't let him
recognize too many characters, because he couldn't eat too much. It would be
good if he could write the first six characters well in the past two days.
When going to bed at night, Lu Gu lay on the bed and recited
the characters he learned, and even wrote these characters in the air with his
fingers. Shen Xuanqing poured the footwashing water, closed the door
tightly and went to bed. After sitting up, he leaned against the head of the
bed and did not immediately blow out the candles. Instead, he took out a small
bottle from his arms.
"Aren't you going to sleep now?" Seeing that
he was not lying down, Lu Gu turned his head and asked, he also saw the small
blue porcelain bottle at the same time.
Shen Xuanqing's Adam's apple moved slightly, he held
the porcelain bottle tightly in his hand, and said nothing. After blowing out
the candle, there was the rustling sound of undressing. The night was covered,
and his low voice sounded vaguely.
Lu Gu didn't expect that the balm in the porcelain
bottle had a completely different purpose. The coolness made him wanted to
shrink back, but he was tightly bound around his waist.
Shen Xuanqing went to the ointment shop in the town
today, after he finished reading the book from Luo Biao. At the beginning, Luo
Biao said that he would give this book to him. In order to prevent others from
finding out, he wrapped the book in oil paper and pressed it under the bed.
The book said that there was a balm, which was more
interesting to use, he remembered that it was quite expensive, only eight copper
coins for a small porcelain bottle, but he still bought it.