148

Chapter 148
It wasn’t mealtime yet, so only Lu Gu and Shen Xuanqing sat at the low table. The sesame bread was crispy and soft, while the mixed offal stew was spicy and warming.
Shen Xuanqing ate quickly. By the time Lu Gu had only half his bread left, he had already finished. Putting down his bowl, he fished out some copper coins from his pocket and called to the vendor to pay.
“No rush, take your time,” he said to Lu Gu. The docks were bustling with laborers unloading cargo from boats.
Spotting a few familiar faces among the workers, he greeted them from afar. The men who were busy hauling goods under the watch of supervisors, could only manage a quick acknowledgment before returning to their tasks.
“Pears! Fresh autumn pears!” A hunched old man trudged along the street, carrying a bamboo basket and calling out his wares.
Seeing the pears in the basket, Shen Xuanqing said something to Lu Gu and went over to stop the seller.
“My autumn pears are thin-skinned, juicy, and crisp,” the old man said, picking out a large one to show him.
“How much?” Shen Xuanqing took the pear and asked, “Are they really crisp?”
The old man’s weathered face creased into a hopeful smile. “Not expensive, seven copper coins per catty. If you buy more, I can lower the price. They’re definitely sweet and crisp.”
Seeing Shen Xuanqing weighing the pear in his hand as if considering, the old man added timidly but eagerly, “Buy a few, won’t you? They’re really crisp. Even two would do.”
Hearing this, Shen Xuanqing wiped the pear on his sleeve and took a bite. After swallowing, he said, “Count this one, and give me another.”
The old man hurriedly picked out another pear and weighed them together - just over a catty, with the scale tipping generously in Shen Xuanqing’s favor.
Noticing Shen Xuanqing had no basket, the old man handed the pears over carefully, avoiding the bitten part with his rough, work-worn fingers. Hesitantly, he said, “Seven copper coins.”
Without a word, Shen Xuanqing cupped both pears in his large hand and handed over eight copper coins. His bite had been sizable, and he knew small vendors struggled. These weren’t wild mountain pears but cultivated ones, they were large and sweet, and the price was fair.
Transaction done, he didn’t linger on the old man’s reaction and turned back to Lu Gu.
A family in the neighboring village had two pear trees and sold their harvest yearly, sometimes for four or five copper coins. Wei Lanxiang had bought some recently, and there were still a few left at home.
The old man’s pears were different, they were bigger and sweeter, but Shen Xuanqing only bought two since they hadn’t brought a basket. Unlike the roast chicken, which could be wrapped in oiled paper, pears were awkward to carry.
The offal stew was warming but salty and spicy. A bite of the crisp, juicy pear now was refreshingly sweet.
Lu Gu was already full from the bread and stew. He held the pear afraid that he might not be able to finish it, but when he saw Shen Xuanqing bite the pear and it sounded crispy, and he could even see the juice overflowing from the bite mark, he became a little greedy and felt very conflicted.
“Why don't you eat?” Shen Xuanqing asked.
With the docks noisy, they walked toward the street, they still needed to buy a roast chicken.
Lu Gu, walking on the inside, sidestepped a puddle and said, “It’s too big. I’m afraid I can’t finish it.”
Understanding, Shen Xuanqing smiled and held out his own pear. “Take a few bites if you want.”
Lu Gu smiled, he took a bite, and found it sweet and juicy. However, his stomach was full, so he couldn't eat any more after only three bites, and gave it back to Shen Xuanqing.
As for his own pear, he’d save it for Shen Yan and his sister-in-law to try. It was quite different from the pear they ate yesterday. The pears from the neighboring village were also delicious, but they were not as juicy.
After buying the roast chicken, Shen Xuanqing carried the oiled paper package and tucked the untouched pear into his robe for convenience.
They strolled leisurely, browsing the shops along the street. With their lives comfortable now, neither felt a pressing need to buy anything. Lu Gu still had face and hand cream, and plenty of ointment for night use, so there was no need to visit the cosmetics shops.
Spotting someone across the street carrying a string of pork, Shen Xuanqing thought that they had already bought a roast chicken, so there was no need to buy pork for now.
Lu Gu paid little attention to most things. However, if he saw a sachet tied on someone's body or a handkerchief in a woman or fulang's hand, he would take a closer look, wanting to see if there were any popular things in the town.
He’d embroidered many handkerchiefs in the mountains but hadn’t brought any today.
Walking side by side, with Shen Xuanqing shielding Lu Gu on the inside, they looked every bit a married couple.
Turning a corner, Lu Gu caught the scent of liquor. There was a winery not far away, reminding him that Shen Xuanqing occasionally enjoyed a drink. Village-brewed liquor wasn’t as good as the town’s, so he considered asking if they should buy some. Though they hadn’t brought a bamboo flask, those were cheap, sometimes an extra copper would get you one.
Before he could speak, someone called out, “Brother Shen!”