83 Part 48

She helped the second daughter-in-law of the Zhang
family to marry into the Zhang family, and she usually talked about it in the
village, so even if the second daughter-in-law of the Zhang family thought that
her family was the closest to the eldest family, they didn't dare to come
forward to snatch the family property. the villagers were all listening at the
door and neighbors, even if Lao Zhang's was not good enough, if they bullied
such an old widow, they would be stabbed in the back.
Just like what Wei Lanxiang thought, as soon as Lao Zhang
came out, Lin Zhongcai used the word "filial piety" to suppress the Zhang's
relatives.
Although Zhang Zhengzi and Shen Xuanqing were the same
age, Lao Zhang was almost ten years older than Wei Lanxiang. Her son was gone,
and her daughter-in-law would perform filial piety on his behalf. In the world,
only widows were expelled and their property was divided. How could an old
mother who lost her son be evicted from the house? Wasn't this a crime?
As for the matter of adoption, Lao Zhang didn't believe
anyone at the moment, so naturally she refused, she cried and scolded, and asked
someone to help her chase away all the relatives in the yard, and she even picked
up clods of dirt on the ground and threw them over, and then spat at those
hideous-looking people
Her hair was gray and her leg was broken. Sitting
there, her hands were covered with mud. Anyone who looked at her felt that she
was a little crazy. The Qingxi Villagers who were watching at the door were
soft-hearted and sighed that she was pitiful.
Only Lao Zhang knew where the house deed and field deed
were. She didn't say, it was broad daylight, and no one dared to grab it
openly. After a long time of quarreling, they couldn't tell each other for a
while, so the relatives of the Zhang family went back first.
The
farce ended for the time being, Wei Lanxiang heard it clearly at Quanzi's
house, and sighed in her heart, sitting with Quanzi's mother, she couldn't help
lamenting, this Li Wanyun’s life was really too bitter.
In
the night, the snow melted and flowed down from the eaves, but because it was
too cold, it turned into icicle. Shen Xuanqing, the tallest member, didn't even
need a bamboo pole, he stood under the eaves, stretched out his hand and broke
the icicles off.
The
icicle was too sharp, if it fell down, it was okay if it hurt others, but if it
hurt Ji Qiuyue, it would be bad. Since his mother said so, he followed
suit, so as not to keep her always talking about
it.
There
were quite a lot of icicles under the eaves, and Lu Gu also came to help when
he saw this, but he couldn't reach it even on tiptoe, so he found a wooden
stick, as long as he could knock off the tip of the icicle.
"What
do you want to eat at night, I'll make it for you." Lu Gu said while
knocking on the icicles.
These
days, Shen Xuanqing helped Zhang's family and ate at the Zhang’s house. Shen
Xuanqing smiled when he saw her fulang standing beside him, and when he asked
what he wanted to eat, he smiled even more, he said, "I'll go to Meng
Dayue's to buy some meat, and I'll ask my mother to make meatballs for us to
eat in the evening."
In the past few days, he ate vegetarian feast, without
meat and fish, so he couldn't help being a bit gluttonous, because the
vegetarian soup at the banquet was well done, it reminded him of meatball soup.
"Okay, I'll chop the scallion and ginger later,
and then stir fry white radish and a few steamed buns." Lu Gu turned his
head and saw that Shen Xuanqing smiled, his eyebrows and eyes were also curved,
and his smile was light and sweet.
When
Shen Yan heard that the meatballs were about to be boiled, her hands that were
weaving the bamboo basket stopped, and she sat in the main room and called out:
"Brother Erqing, is it true?"
Shen Xuanqing was amused by her
greedy look, and said: "Of course it's true, when have I ever lied to
you?"
"Then
you go and buy it. It takes a lot of time to chop the meat. Brother Guzi and I
will knock the icicles." Shen Yan was very attentive, and she found a long
wooden stick and came over.
What she said was indeed true, the meatballs were only
delicious if the meat was chopped finely. Shen Xuanqing smiled and tugged at
her pigtail, saying that she was so greedy that he didn't know who she looked
like.
Shen Yan’s pigtails were often pulled by Shen Yaoqing.
Now even the second brother bullied her, and when she became anxious, she
called Lu Gu to support her: "Brother Guzi, look at him."
If
it was Ji Qiuyue and Shen Yaoqing, Ji Qiuyue had already hit him in the back of
the head, but Lu Gu didn't have the guts to do so. Besides, Shen Xuanqing was
much taller than him, so he didn't dare to reach out to hit him
indiscriminately.
Because of Shen Yan's words, he subconsciously looked
at Shen Xuanqing, and before he could speak, he saw the tall man shyly
withdrawing his hand, scratching his head and feeling a little embarrassed, as
if he was afraid that he would call him, he hurried out and he said that he was
going to buy meat.